Idea:

Stars:

# Splits

## BOB chainchop

[<span class="underline">https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xsr62fa9Wxk</span>](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xsr62fa9Wxk)

Short jump after box, 5 jumps up, 30 steps up, cam left x2, up till dog
sound, cam left, 2xjump up into corner (3 dog sounds after jumps)

## WF blue

Jump up/right into tree, 3climbs up into jump up, water sound, left till
wall, slightly upleft 5beats,up into coin jump up, hold up till first
slide bit upright tap, second slide up 2s, DJ dive rollout into upleft
corner

alternative:

upleft into wall, up into dive rollout, up into wall, slightly upleft
till corner, jump, backflip, cam left,down SFWK to the right

## WF cannonless

3beats right, 2beats up, jump up, hold up against wall, DJ neutral, GU,
mario cam, punch, up into first coin, mash A for 2 TJ, lakitu, cam
right, up LJ till wall, cam rightx2 up till red coin, slowly up till
ledge, GU, 12punch, right into wall, 2backflips, 2punch, down GU,
Backflip, cam leftx2, punch, down cam right, cam left, up hold down

## WF boss

3beats right, 2beats up, jump up, hold up against wall, DJ neutral, GU,
mario cam, punch, up into first coin, 5 LJ up, 6th LJ with upleft tilt,
into slide/dmg continue up till wall, lakitu,( up till wall,) right till
wall, teleport, mario cam, punch, LJ up, lakitu up the pole until 1up
sound, up A pressed, GU, hold up into fight, kill him with J,DP after
steps disappear, cam right jump right into star

2,10,3 quicksteps

##   
WF tower

3beats right, 2beats up, jump up, hold up against wall, DJ neutral, GU,
mario cam, punch, up into first coin, 5 LJ up, 6th LJ with upleft tilt,
into slide/dmg continue up till wall, lakitu,( up till wall,) right till
wall, teleport, mario cam, punch, LJ up, lakitu up the pole until 1up
sound, up A pressed, GU, hold up into wall, 3beats right, up jump into
DU, up for 2 wall sound, cam left, right into left SFWK hold left, once
elevator starts, cam right, up into wall, jump once finish, 2,5beats
right, jump for star

## WF owl

Jump up/right into tree, cam left x2, jump full A on 3flaps, DJ up grab
him

2neutral,4right,9neutral let go into cage

New:

Jump right before 2 flaps

3,4 (important timing),13

CCM wallkicks

CCM slide 1

Slide1(fast)

Slide2

HMC rolling rock

HMC amazing

HMC nessy

TOAD

BBH library

Mips

DDD

BLJs

BitS

//todo SSL pyramid top

## Final Bowser

Mash text 3 TB, wait into LJ up, LJ up into neutral, jump neutral into
down, wait for run, grab him, slowly turn left and throw, LJ down, 3
steps, LJ right, 2 steps, wait for run, grab after dmg into slowly right
release , 2LJ left into down a few steps dive into down right for grab,
spin into right frame window( max speed, right before the swoosh
begins), hit him, right into talk, spawn star, right tap, 2BF into GG

16
