Blindfolded Breath of the Wild Project by Bubzia

Shroom Algorithm

12 different kinds of shrooms

Stamella Shroom farm:

From house: 3R,3U,1L, 1x shroom

8R shroom, 7L, 4D, 6L,2U shroom, 2L,2U,1R 2xshroom,

To corner: 3U,4R, R tap into 3D L corner
IF still needs more:

6L,3D shroom

To corner: 7R,5U,5R,3D L corner

IF still needs more:

12D,7R,1U shroom

Back to House: 10U,1L,6U,5R,3D L corner

Sleep till night

Bomb arrow chest from corner:

BF, save, RR, UR U hold, 3getup, reZ Utap L tap open,

Throwcancel, BF, 2L,2U

Amiibo Farm 2:

Warp to bomb shrine, 6L,

On cooking: go to the position, take it in your hand and cook it meme

Do shields on getting to glider second warp to bomb shrine

[[Breath of the Wild Speedrun \| Blights Tutorial -
YouTube]{.ul}](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aMbvew2Fskg)

TODO endfights:

-   Flurry rush black sword durability for crit thunderblight p1 end of
    > flurry rush (15 hits)

-   Shortsword shield hits for thunderblight p2 =\> check best overdmg
    > strat =\> black sword needs 3 hits

-   Calamity ganon claymore + 10 bomb arrow pickup (potentially bow,
    > check with falcon)

-   Calamity bow durability =\> if not get falcon bow

-   Thunderblight p2: knights sword does kill shield with 4 hit combo,
    > needs to get correct attack pattern though, =\> get 3 shields for
    > the beginning testing , then we can see if we can drop some more

Ganon Fights (Saver):

Ul corner , 3mag, 5shield, 3r3, falconbow

corner, bU tap, cancel, z, ur buffer, 5shield, 3 r3, this is with z

z vs non z matters

Windblight1:7U center, echolocate spawn into 3 arrows in eye till he
falls, then short sword hits up 7-10, repeat into kill

Windblight2: echolocate into ancient arrow, hit with sword up to 8 times
into lance for 2-3 more hits while in air, repeat into kill

Waterblight1: instant take round bomb, throw, explode on 3 into L jump
for flurry rush, do the rush with black, then 1-2, U into 1, 1 more,
then another flurry rush after teleport //TODO one cycle?

Waterblight2: echolocate, dodge ice R into bomb arrow into ancient
arrow, fall down into black 1-2 (damaged, keep for critical dmg), switch
to royal 1(-2), teleport, turnaround echolocate (dodge lazer), into
bombarrows; circle around ice block attack, 2 normal arrows make him
fall, then lance for kill

FireBlight1: instant 2 arrows U in eye, fall into 1 dash lance, 3 lance,
switch to sword 3 hits destroy (probably count sword hits total), 5 more
with lance, 3 more bomb arrows for kill\
FireBlight2: 2U, round bomb throw on audio cue, explode U into 1dash
lance, 4 lance, max lance hits, 2 bomb arrows into fall repeat lance
kill\
ThunderBlight1: instant wooden shield for electro (listen which attack
he does, switch to different shield for parries, BF flurry rush with
boomerang on 3, instant round bomb 5 explode, repeat 3 times and on 3rd
equip black for broken kill (3hits),

ThunderBlight2: try boomerang strat; else ctap into D magnesis rng rods
(try stasis here), lift up, lockon ancient arrow into wooden shield,
then BF flurry on 4th hit on shield with boomerang, ancient arrow for
kill

Ganon1: instant flurry rush L with boomerang till breaks, shoot
remaining bomb arrows, try to parry lazer, dodge attacks (learn timing)
into flurry rush (with rest of boomerangs), always ctap run D after
flurry, use remaining arrows during waiting time for lazer, try to parry
lazers into him, after lazer 2x4 hit with fast weapon (boomerang), use
ancient arrows when he is climbing on the walls, after boomerangs (or
not ) use lance on flurry,

If small fire bomb: bomb yourself? Maybe not with +3 buff

Ganon2: again instant flurry rush, parry lazer into U , (try going here
for stunlock), else hit face into repeat ; if royal: 1-2 cancel into 1-2
J cancel J attack for 4 hits

DarkBeast:


Great Plateau TODO

-   Magnesis door hits restasis

any% TODO

August update:

-   Check singular mushroom skewer climbing without stamina for ganon +
    > bow (9+ skewers single jump) =\> 7 is enough (8-9 for fast climb
    > no waiting), 1 for bow

> =\> get first schroom and count amiibo shrooms, subtract from furthest
> mushroom path , check fast climb min shrooms

-   Thundersword skip =\> check movement from bow to entrance =\> check
    > lizard kill (hopefully with weapon drop), black claymore enemy
    > with white claymore kill

-   Check traveler/soldiers/knight shield urbosa amiibo vs thunderblight
    > charged attack =\> if not then soldier shield check durability and
    > where to amiibo farm after paraglider (30% vs 25% vs 20%+arrows),
    > check other thunderblight cheeses =\> sword battery in front?
    > Bomb? Research!

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   //Concrete shroom farm stratting

-   Implement razorshroom + fang cooking in castle for x2 attack buff
    > =\> only needs one/two/zero amiibo armor piece =\> if too early
    > continue for some food =\> urbosa more value with meat =\> make
    > algorithm for finding shroom count

-   

-   1\. Check amiibo farm:

-   

-   2\. Check mushroom farm + cooking

-   3\. Check stamina upgrade

-   4\. Write down BLSS setup

-   5\. Find setup to bow +ancient arrows

-   6\. Find clip setup and thundersword + lance

-   7\. Check rewarp vs. exit with jump timing

-   ..... LATER

-   check ganon food plus 3 buff: can get good estimate on where
    > ironshrooms and maybe electro shrooms are, can confirm iron with
    > save bomb arrow reload

-   Check skip lizards into ganon room weapons with 8bitdo

-   Check armor vs no armor buff, check lizard swords vs non

-   

//TODO ideas for ganon : thunderblight with boomerang + ancient testing?

//check enemy weapon drop save quit

Ganon Stunlock

Windbomb to upper ganons tower somehow, or stamina shroom inventory
after bombs =\> use all staminas for climb

//check weapon next to ganon bomb arrow chest weaponry

Ganon arrow/bomb arrow spam technique

Amiibo 100% greathit with system time //slow? 38 weapon claymoer / armor

Amiibo Farm:

TODO check if after bombs or before glider =\> check time of day, very
important

After chest opening: weapon throw cancel

Great hit sound on pickup, 1TB tutorial afterwards

Controller switch, 6L into amiibos, revali first for bow sound,

After all armors: menu open into equip, L equip, L equip

//TODO how many amiibos scan for enough food for ganon fight?7 amiibos
in practice save(7 MM)

//definitely amiibos after cooking

//or setup with cursor storage

Mushroom Farm:

9 Shrooms around the house to stasis =\> 4 skewer

=\> we need 5 + stamina upgrade or 7 without stamina upgrade (or find a
bow setup without stamina upgrade)

=\> test 4 shrooms +  stamina upgrade + slow climb =\> works but its slow
and scary

=\> cannot rely on amiibo shrooms? Only 5% chance...

=\> currently best option: get 4 from house + stamina upgrade + bless
RNG from amiibos

=\> if this is the case: then we need to cook all the mushrooms already
at house, not ganons castle

=\> that means we need to somehow distinguish hot peppers and stamina
shrooms within a full inventory, which should be doable with cursor
storage

=\> check stream maker in stream of 22/06/2022 for strat

Bow and arrows:

-   Collect the bow: Z1L, A for bow chest,B tutorial into weaponcancel,

> 3D (not mashed), 1L,2D,1U into cancel fall with glider into 3U into
> wall, let go into 1L (punch)break pot get arrows warp
>
> Then warp back to bomb for SS link strat

Stamina Upgrade (obsolete):

-   After cutscene: Collect the bow: Z1L, A for bow chest,B tutorial
    > into weaponcancel, 2R, Dbuffer, Z2R into sbuffer D into Z4U land,
    > Z7U land into second fall glide, 1R into ZUrun mash A for upgrade,
    > 3TB,1D A,A for upgrade

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Then after upgrade 5arrows if needed: sbuffer D, 4L land, 1R, U 8run
    > into wrun till wall, getdown into sbuffer L into mash A for opal
    > and arrows //TODO somehow skip the opal pickup for timesave

-   To warp to tower: map U tap D tap for tower, do BLSS setup into
    > change controller

BLSS setup:

Sbuffer R ,SAVE, do BLSS setup, weaponbuffer U beatcount: 1U2B15R11UR
instant ctap D for locking direction, then D full on gallop R,L (after
80 U hold a bit (10 gallops) to slow down ; "and one and two and"), then
after discovery of pre castle another 15 gallops. Listen for music
change / map reveal audio cue, then map select into warp out

!Important warning: if you go to fast or RNG, the map/ and or the city
audio cue will not be loaded, in that case you need to estimate your
position, pause above the castle and wait in the pause a bit to let the
game load the map then rewarp)

Ganon's Castle Bow:

=\> check wooden shield in ganons castle or amiibo

After warp: ctap U hold NO RUN, until cutscene then ctap U RUN hold till
door, 1R

Stasis + Z axe 2 hits + end swing into 2BF, restasis,
Z1L3U2L4U,12neutral,10U save, 7 beats reflect, (save), ctap 7+10+7 beats
U into wrun till wall

Switch back to axe, sbuffer R, U wall UL corner, Z1R, ZU tap till wall,
hold B Utap climb, 3climb getup Z into UL wall U (rtap for non instant)
hold till wall, ,(1R 1BF save, spawns back in corner)then either instant
grab or bhold U tap grab, 1Rclimb, 2-3U climb into normalized wall,, B U
hold climb into 4 climbs into skewer into 4 climb sound normal and full
climb getup, Z normalize DL corner, BF,Z1L,save,

New:sbuffer D, A for arrows,2U neutral, A for bow, 1R A for chest, reZ,
sbuffer UR (death saves in same position after chest), mash 3 jumps into
glider, on 7th J beat R hold into wall,

3L J into fall cancel instant with glider, Z U UL L UL corner into
1RRBhold U tap climb, R tap into Z release Z back into corner

Then continue Inside Ganon Castle route New.

Old:(all buffered) BF grab arrows, BF,neutral,BF grab bow, BF D hold
grab 2 arrows, U hold corner JU, BF get chest, release Z, weaponcancel,Z
U into normalized corner, Z1R1U,save,

Clip: buffered Z1U mash Uclimb, then 2UL climb, then hold L for 4, into
final L climb, fall down, Z, 1L into 5BF mash for thundersword, save(
save position not consistent), (save after1 BF from wall), after sword
grab, Z1U, sbuffer D, whistle into change swords to thunder, do R L
sidehops into flurry rush with 1 A, D hold A mash for weapon, instant
warp out

Inside Ganons Castle:

Old:Do same setup as before up to wall after 4U jump 14 neutral, with 2
fast runs, then BF save, sbufferL into ctap, b hold , U10,1UR,8UR into
R(1UR full, then on 2wrun) till wall into Z into 2L climb, release, Z L
into UL corner, Bhold U tap climb, R tap into Z release Z back into
corner //Wall save: 1BF extra

New:2BF (neutral since buggy collision), Z2L, reZ, L tap into ctap U
full run8 wrun till wall into L tap Z, release, Z2R1D, sbuffer R stasis,
2x2 hits cancel into Zhold release stasis U hold BF into gate, 1U, save,
sbuffer L, 14U 9L1U3L1U 3L1Usave reload

From reload: target bow into ancient arrow if no thunderarrows

Thunderarrows: 1L1U A for weapon into DR sbuffer 2U UL sbuffer 2U U hold
wall into 1-2 R tap into release, 1L normalize into 2R corner

//From reload: instantly equip thunder into swing x2, wait for
paralysis, swing x2, J cancel, swing x4 for quick kill, then weaponthrow
cancel into A for weapon/shield

If not there: Z1U into press A, if not there 1R, check with inventory
what you collected

//IMPORTANT: dont collect random monster parts: if you do subtract from
count - amount picked up from end

Then 1U1R (if not done yet), then 6U,1R,3U,2L,equip hammer, sbuffer DL,
ZJU into wall cancel into Z1R,

From here: 1D (save),5R(not mashed), 1U, swing, 1L, UL corner, 1R ,
swing, Z2U(neutral hold to not hit wall) into b for shield 2xA
shieldpunch A mash for ancient arrow chest

Weaponcancel Dsbuffer into 10U, sbuffer R save inventory throw away all
weapons (8slots) besides hammer and throw potlid

into 2U,4D A for fang chest scope cancel

4U,10L,1U,3L,3D,2L,Ltap save

(save),1Lbufferer into corner, 1R1U,1L,1U,1L (aggro enemy), wait a few
(6) steps of his, then 2U land, 8U A for weapon, save reload for
position

Equip white claymore (max R), then hit for sneak kill, ctap scopecancel
into Z1D2L,deequip shield, try grabbing sword, if not there R taps into
grab (!count unnecessary items you collect!)

D turnaround, 4R into U run wall climb , get on second wooden pillar,
normalize UR R, climb, 2 wallJ R, release, 1R grab falcon bow and bomb
chest 2 BF 1R hit

3L, 2D, 3L, 1D, 3L UL corner,hit,a for iron shroom

1U into shieldbashes till get shield

4D,2R,1U into hit, get razorshroom into instant plus for count

1R, 2U, getup, U Js till renormalize wall L corner, 2BF, sbuffer L,1 U
into Z L wall into

Ctap Full run U with UL tap into wall, 1L 2U2L, sbuffer L into UJ hold
wall Z release into 2R corner

1D,1R,(save) 15U,1L, sbuffer D, bow into U hold wall into max D camera,
1L arrow into flame,2R,1D, cooking,

Throwcancel, 180 turn, 1L,10U,1L, 3 scopecancels w bombarrow //switch to
old bow for durability

Shoot

9U, 2L,4U,6L,2U U hold normalize wall (put away shield), UR corner,
neutral J, D (save), 6L, 4U 1L 1U,8L (always neutral landing) A for
sword, 1L A for chest,

After chest, sbuffer DR, 1L into ctap into full sprint till wall into
6-7 L,2D,3L,sbuffer R,26U,sbuffer L, 1-2Ltap, 8run+10+7 into shield hold
wall or exit new music,2R DR till lower range into D buffer (hit
branch), UR R corner into 1L, ZUtap, climb up x4,

3L into sbuffer UL ctap, wrun U till first sound of guardian, then full
run until guardian sound stops into Z hold U till wall (SAVE)

R buffer into Z 1U, land, 1U, 1U U hold getup with climbs, reZ wait for
stamina, 1U, 1U hold climbx4 reZ, 4U(neutral) into nook BF SAVE

Do climb:

4climb+7skewers with 4.5 steps in between

reZ 12U, 4L,3U (confirm if you here area sound),2L,1U, sbuffer UR, 1U
hold wall release reZ, UR hold,

Windblight skip: UR corner, buffered 1L, sturnL, pull magnesis into Z L,
reZ into 1R,5shieldbash into Zhold bow, 3 scopes into buffer U

//Potential Lizard Kill: sbuffer R , 2U round bomb, explode into other
bomb kill 1?


# Dark Beast
mash get off horse TODO
Z 1L, 5U into bow, 10U, 12L, 2scope, equip bow of light
wait for big attack into 2L shot
8R into shot spam for 1 hit
3L, scope x1 shot 1hit
3L, scope x4 shot 1hit (after big attack, zelda voice
5R, scope x2, shot 2hit
8R, scope x1, wait for big attack into 2L 4R 2L
1hit (after zelda voice) 
reZ
scope x6 into wait for audio cue ("toi!"), J glider bow slowmo 1hit GG

# Great Plateau% Strats (Excluding Amiibo Farm for any% for own RTA)

## Tower

Cutscene skip after second "reve etoi" instant movement

Z(1L), Uhold run mash A for slate cutscene

Mash till regain control mash 2 B until door opens

Z(1R), ctap, 12U run into URmash A for slate

Mash till regain control 3 TB into buffer U

Buffer U run till wall climb, then Y to climb up into U UR run for
cutscene

(save)

//from here all beatcounts in 175 bpm

Ctap, 10U,10UL,(count precisely),35L mash A (fast runs) for axe,

Buffer D, TB into 9D,DL till zelda cutscene, L buffer 38DL 5DL 3
fast7-10 runs into 20L mash A till 2nd time wall into BF A search

whistle mash A till wall into neutral BF RR U interact

Old: reZ, sbuffer UL, Z(4L)

(save) //only important save probably

Ctap, U run till Zelda cutscene, buffer UR during it and count 25-26
from b cancel, then full U till wall (around 70 beats can save
potentially before)

From wall climb: b cancel into B U tap climb 4Rclimb into Z,BF ,2R into
slate or U tap D tap one more R (2 if long fall , 3 if not)

## Bombs

2TB, Skip cutscene skip after first stone sounds, then after slate
update TBx2, mash till control

Z,Ujump into falldamage cancel with 6.5CD,7CR, talk to old man

Talk option: A,A,B,A ; regain of control after tutorial + 1TB

Sbuffer L into Z(1L), Ctap, U whistlerun till wall (90 beats (7 fast
runs), then run into wall a few times, 1LJ,1neutral, getup wall into
reZtap, sbuffer L into beatcount 11U then Z(Uhold till wall ,UJclimb
+2U,7R (optimized: 3R into w R UR run mashU hold into A mash for slate)

Skip into U hold A mash for elevator skip

Skip into UL buffered run CD mash

**NewShrine:**After cutscene( 2tutorial TB), Z(2R), throw bomb +
detonate at 3, 1LR,5UR, mash bomb into 3 explode, ctap wrun U 5 till
wall into Dtap 2LR, L tap into U run ladder, reZ2U2R, jturnR into bomb
throw into 3.5 detonate, slate cancel into 2RR on cycle, ctap into 4R
14U 10R wall into U wall into Z 3BF,1L, throw 3.5 detonate (precise),R
tap into U run ladder into 3.5 detonate bomb into 5U ctap into 5LR into
1-2L into U run for monk

**Shrine:**After cutscene( 2tutorial TB), Z(2R), throw bomb + detonate
at 3, ctap into U(10) till wall(5s), L(3) till wall, Rtap into bomb
whilste , run R5 detonate into L7 into Rtap,U UR for ladder, climb,
reZ(buffered 2U,2R), sbuffer R into neutral bombthrow with 4detonate,

Z4U, ctap into 18L9U into ladder/wall, if wall go U till ladder or
normalize corner,

Cancel on ladder into 3BF, bombthrow at 3, b run U onto ladder, getup,
bombthrow at 3 (might switch bombs for speed), Utap Z4U,5L, 1-2L into
Zholdwrun mash A for monk

Skip

TB, wait for sound of dissolve then skip after 2 s

## Stasis

Talk to guy: B,A,A,B wait a tiny bit until he walks away otherwise you
target him (also just mash text fast with Ahold B mash)

**Oldroute: Controller switch:** pause, press A into L/R on pro
controller,A,B out of pause

Z, 6L,1BFinto buffered Dtap, select amiibo, spawn revali + urbosa into
Zhold U mash A into collect everything, if shield first, deequip for
faster mashing, important: release Z during chest opening, otherwise
angle changes, after opening, do ctap buffer U buffer neutral reZ,
continue

=\> revali bow makes little sound after tutorial //beware urobosa has
50% sword which also gives tutorial: need to throw away later or rescan
for shield, backup for rescan: U wall 5 BFs into scan again

**Amiibo farm for bow + (shield) + food** =\> spam revalis until bow,
then scan urbosa with 50% shield chance until you get shield tutorial
(also drops good food (meat))

// you can get arrows before first windbomb in cyro with bombarrow chest

Switch back controllers, go L into UL corner (tiny notch L instead of
UL)BF, sbufferL into run getup U, climb,

**NewRoute:**

After 3steps of oldman: Z into sbufferL ctap U wrun till wall,
1Rclimb,1neutralclimb,

//TODO if rewarped for some reason: sbuffer L into 2Rclimb 1Uclimb, Z6R,
wall Z5R setup

Z7R, U wrun till wall climb, then Z5R, sbuffer UR ctap into wrun U for
45 beats / if climb then BF into L hold UL U hold corner (corner is
after hard steps, 2 fast cycles)

Z13R into U(6 fast runs) till housewall climb into Z dropdown //perhaps
BFZ5L UR hold corner might work for normalizing

NewCookingRoute:

After climbings:

Zhold U jump mash till 5jumps fall, 1L (save),3D,2L UL till corner,
neutral Jx2 into 3BF,2R,(wait)1U into !!!(deequip shield) Amash for 2
spicy peppers, BF,L,3U,2L UL corner, 2neutralJ into 2BF,1R,

6U,2L, menu: peppers x,a,a into close menu, A for cooking into skip,

Weapon throw cancel into Z1L,A for shield, A for tutorial, buffered
14L,2x(1R1L),20U, save, 1U into chop, then continue from tree like
normal

BF, Z17L, U35 run into Zhold 20U hold UR tap normalize

till edge 2BF, save 1-2 L 1-2 U axe swings into JU x2 go over log

6L into U wrun till wall into 4climb until Z into UL L UL into U corner,
B hold Utap 4 climb into R hold DR R Atap for mushroom confirm position,
sbuffer R into bhold Utap 1Uclimb 2UR climbs, A for mushroom, Z hold R
UR R for corner, Bhold Utap 3climb U last UR( can get mushroom while
mashing A), Zhold R then U corner, then Bhold U tap into 1UR 1U 1UR, Z L
hold corner, sbuffer UL into Bhold Utap 4climbU, Z5U into A for slate or
renormalize in L UL U corner BF

//TODO learn the counts better and practice etc

**Stasis:** do slate setup into instant mash Jneutralx2 into instant
Z1R,sbufferR into Z1L 1 neutral stasis for fast cycle, then Z3R into Z2U
into ctap up till clear sound , normal setup with Z7R into 1-2 R tap
hold

Backup if missed fast cycle: reload shrine with save and then instant
Zhold Z4Umash(only 3 sounds) then 5L1R stasis into 3R, U till corner,
BF, Z7R, wait for stone into Z1R ctap into run wrun U for 11 beats then
mash stasis until rock, U a bit into L hold a bit first Z9L into Z run
full U run till rock, stasis into one axe swing J cancel, restasis into
Z3U,Z1R, 1.5 R tap into Zhold U run till monk

## Cyro

//if night time: ctap into L hold whistle, then 15 beats L wrun into UL
wrun till climb into 4 UL climbs, confirm with A hammer that you are in
the right spot and renormalize

sbufferL into ctap U wrun till climb (x2) into 4climb UL getup, then
normalize R corner into Bhold U tap climb 4neutral

After climb : wait for stamina(10 beats), (reequip shield) wrun
beatcount 175bpm: 10U,22UL,90U,30UR, 15U, 44UL a few beats U into shield
slide, / 110+Uwall, renormalize with 1 R Z BF save, climb into 3Uclimbs,
ZxR till fall ( deequip shield into mash A for bomb arrow early),
renormalize with getting up), then BF into 3L UL hold corner, BF into
save, U wall into 3-4climb getup Z into A press for bomb arrow chest

//TODO check enemy spawn right before wall =\> after first climb: swing
axe till 2 kills

After enemy kill: you can recenter cam with weapon throw cancel ctap

//TODO maybe instead of beatcount count HP ticks

//cannot save on top of mountain ridge, perhaps normalize R corner first

OLD: Sbuffer R into Z6R, bhold utap neutral 4climb, wait for full
stamina sbufferUL, ctap U wrun 29 beats into Z1L into U A mash for
pedestal

NEW: hit wall into 5 ZR, then D R Uhold into cancel for wall, UL hold
into old setup, B hold 11 beats into wrun mash for shrine entry

Shrine Windbomb:

Setup from corner: UL corner into BF, Z7R,3L,6D, windbomb (change from
cryo)

From slate: 2L,3U,corner setup or faster: 2R,1U,4R,3L,6D

From reload: 2shieldpunch into UR sbuffer into 2BF buffered, sbuffer UL
into

Then ctap U normalize either DRcorner 5L 2U U tap R till stairs into R A
or DL corner into Rtap 2U U tap R , or Umax into 2BF Utap R till stairs
first? //TODO figure out best way to normalize

Shrine Non-Windbomb:

[[https://clips.twitch.tv/ScaryTenaciousCamelSMOrc-FQCd_u0qsCWXALEA]{.ul}](https://clips.twitch.tv/ScaryTenaciousCamelSMOrc-FQCd_u0qsCWXALEA)

After slate Z4R (else just U wall), 3U into cryo whistle tap A wait for
block into U jump, ctap run till 4-4th water step into L into wall (5-6
steps), cryo again, while going up weaponthrow cancel into sbuffer D,
1U1D6R into full on sprint U till wall, then BF 2R, 2shield punch into
cryo, 2R into 7BF, sbuffer L into 1-2 L into U sprint with shield for
monk

## Magnesis

Pause into map screen into tower warp: CDtap Rx2 for sounds

//TODO check and confirm

Non-BLSS route: Z1U,1U falldamge cancel 6.5-7, sbuffer R into 2L , wrun
U till wall (2 cycles), getup , Z2L L hold till corner, sbuffer UL, cryo
CDtaps till water, needs to be far away, then U J shieldjump into water,
5-6 swims into slow till climb, 1 climb getup, U till corner wait for
stamina, then U jump till wall getup, Z1R, U wrun till wallUR corner
into BF A for slate

New movement:

Z, URsturn, 1U,neutral wait, 1U 7dmgcancel, ctap 59 U,45R into U mash

BLSS route:

Heal full health into BLSS setup:

Sbuffer UR into BLSS setup, [60beats]{.ul} U hold into 6.5 fall damage
cancel, save

U search for water into 3R 3U check for slate

Z 4-7J into discovery, Z5U run for shrine entry

search around if failed

Shrine: 4L into U run mash A for slate

Z3R into Z5D mag Ctap D for 2 beats into mag, Ctap U into Dtap U hold
till sound, Z1U into pit 180 Z into U hold till ladder,

Bcancel, Ctap Dwrun till wall (20), Z BF (reequip weapons) sbufferR,
Ctap U run till wall (10), stasis (1R), into J attack (instant) x3,
cancel stasis for kill, Z U J onto stone UJ (if doesnt work bc other
stone do one more stasis)

ctap 15 beats U into Z hold till edge (10 more beats), then shieldjump
into U hold sprint till wall, Z3L corner, Z2R stasis, hammer(1R) into 5
punch, 3BF into cancel stasis, ctap U run A mash for monk

Glider:

Cathedral: mash text, warp to bombs with ctap D max into 2 ctap D sound
changes

sbuffer L ctap U wrun till climb , 2R into 1U buffered Z3R, Z1U, sbuffer
R, ctap U wall climb 1ZU x2, Z2L, ctap 10wrun U into Z1L, ctap U till
wall, climb2R,climb1L ladder, go up, Z hold U wall J up once, b hold 15
beats U run with Z (slower steps)

sbuffer R into U wrun (1 fast) till cutscene

# Any % Glitched Route Idea

1.  Get out of first shrine

2.  Get tower (infinite running glitch + grab woodcutters axe for weapon
    > throw (only perhaps, might make route to mag and bombs easier
    > (more straight?)

3.  Fall damage cancel from tower cutscene to bombs / or climb tower
    > TODO time both options

4.  Bombs

5.  Instantly Amiibo equip farming

We need: (3 set of Fierce Diety)

Order is important too: revali for bow, then toon zelda for shield (if
we don't get the stasis one or somewhere else), then discard all the
food in the inventory somehow, and then get MM Link farming done.

ð It will be RNG which arrows we will get, best case is lots of bomb
arrows.

ð We can check how many arrows we dropped by saving, shooting all the
arrows, counting and then reloading.

6.  Stasis (TODO how to get there fast? Time both from bomb over field
    > and from SoR over the hill

7.  Cyro (from stasis to cyro: there is 5 bomb arrow chest from DLC
    > potentially)

8.  Magnesis (go from tower)

9.  Flight to ganon castle (BLSS), land with glider into cutscene

10. reset position into leave area for position normalization

11. Ganon Castle Farm (check Saver's Run notes)

12. Fight (Wolf for specific fight)

13. (check Ganon fight with and without armor; probably both are instant
    > death on hit anyways, just +3 attack buff or armor set is gone
    > then) //TODO check all 1 hit attacks from ganon + blights , MM
    > link might not be the best farm then, but still would probably
    > need some arrows from it = maybe ancient arrows?

Movement Guide

\- Normalized Movements: Z target with sidehops all directions

\- Buffering Stick inputs: pausebuffer or neutral jump

\- Camera dynamic to static change: PB D tiny bit into neutral again for
static camera : TODO is it affected with each load or reload or what?
=\> definitely after every cutscene

\- Infinite Running Glitch: Dpad D hold into A mash

\- Camera repositioning: PB notches works on like frame1 (probably, at
least very accurate), Z z-target for facing angle, R3 for current camera
angle facing, weaponthrow cancel for same effect as R3

\- You can buffer input / ztarget jumps with swing or neutral hop

\- Climbing Camera Manipulation: climbing resets static back to dynamic
camera, so each climb needs a tap for sure; Z targeting also resets it
once more, so we need to tap again after Z targeting: from getup we
maintain the static cam if tapped before

\- Ztargeting in general resets to dynamic camera : CAREFUL!

\- Saving: R2 into U AU confirm , you should unequip weapon for saving
to recognize auto saves

\- Mash text with A hold B mash

Misc Route Stuff

Zelda talking cutscene always after x amount of time or distance

Amiibo usage after first shrine, so after bomb, go amiibo farm?

\- Can remap buttons on switch system menu : for infinite running to
shoulder button? (remap R (weapon throw with Dpad Down)

\- Big question is order of first two shrines: either mag or bombs, one
of these we cannot windbomb in that case because amiibo farm will start
after 1^st^ shrine. Otherwise we would need a bow and arrows first
somehow (Maybe get bow from bokos somehow in front of tower; or stasis
chest under rock; or mag inside shrine)

\- Picked up armor that you don't want CANNOT be thrown away besides if
sold in shop (which is not in the route so RIP)

\- Beginner Tutorial: [[(8) How to Speedrun Breath of the Wild's Great
Plateau (Beginner Tutorial) -
YouTube]{.ul}](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r5utB87iQ_Y)

\- BLSS Tutorial
[[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S81n74sObrM]{.ul}](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S81n74sObrM&s)

\- Boulder Tutorial
[[https://youtu.be/dclCAgX4bKk?t=71]{.ul}](https://youtu.be/dclCAgX4bKk?t=71)

\- [[(8) How to Fall Damage Cancel in BotW! -
YouTube]{.ul}](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DKx7By2k66E)

\- [[(8) Breath of the Wild Comprehensive Windbomb Guide - Basics -
YouTube]{.ul}](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KlF8jnsYW8g&t=1s)

\- Object Map: [[BotW Object Map
(zeldamods.org)]{.ul}](https://objmap.zeldamods.org/#/map/z5,-516,-987)

\- item id map: [[Breath of the Wild - Items Checklist - Google
Sheets]{.ul}](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1slSDnN-y8G-tGBK6QXlEzyoANPRaKoUQHpQRq8hXvX8/edit#gid=1876574363)

Amiibo Grind

-   Important: you cannot use amiibo while charging your controller

\- swiffy22: iirc, Revali amiibo gives a guaranteed bow before you leave
Plat, so that\'s also a good option =\> use this for getting a bow ,

\- [[botw-tools/amiibo.txt at master · MrCheeze/botw-tools
(github.com)]{.ul}](https://github.com/MrCheeze/botw-tools/blob/master/amiibo.txt)
amiibo droplist resource

\- Check if cooked food has higher priority than misc pickups

\- TODO check fierce diety armor how many hits ganon can give you,
because attack buff is enough to get from food + elixir to last 13 min

o If the armor is too weak, then we probably need phantom armor for hit
resistance + attack up =\> no more food needed since attack up does not
stack.

\- Farm lots of arrows for blight and ganon fight

\- Maybe farm ancient arrows from guardian amiibo

ð 4 Ironshroom + Dragon Fang in castle would be what you\'re looking for
and would give 13mins of defense +3 //TODO check if really needed with 3
set piece armor

Ganon Fight Information

\- Arrows would be a good and safe source of damage / problem would be
durability of bows //TODO test maxed out bow inventory =\> how many
arrows can we shoot?

\- Bomb arrows do lots of damage, would be nice to have a lot from
amiibo farming

\- Ancient arrows best for ganon fight? TODO check since blights might
be easier

Saver's run rewatch

-   Wind Bomb Setup
    > https://clips.twitch.tv/OilyAbstemiousApeCharlietheUnicorn-bzsmY4Zp_MWyR889

-   BLSS setup
    > https://clips.twitch.tv/TriumphantAlluringShrimpKeyboardCat-cDz-PyTjin0epbZR

pants = boot soud when jumpig

\- wooden shield is probably needed from somewhere for thunderblight
attack = stasis chest or amiibo

\- cooking guide:
[[https://www.guideofthewild.com/cook]{.ul}](https://www.guideofthewild.com/cook)

\- Ganons Castle Route: need 2 shroom skewers with stamina for royal bow
and 3 anicent arrows in beginning after bridge,

\- Then get thundersword and enemy ( royal halberd)

\- Ancients arrows behind fake wall normal entrance and enemy lizard
shield + boomerang

\- After that, destroy barrel = \> acorn? TODO ask Saver

\- Down stairs into statue claymore, savescum into kill for royal guards
claymore

\- Climb to upper floor for bomb arrows (don't take bow or other
weapons?)

\- Shard of naydras fang in hidden chest behind curtains =\> is that the
elixir or also the defense prolongation buff?

\- Kill lizards in front for more boomerangs and shields

\- Ignore other weapons, throw away thunder sword because farming is
over ?

\- Then cooking, into ancient arrows on staircase (skip weapon and
shield?)

\- Climb the tower, kill guarding and use stamina food to do omega climb
directly to ganons room //TODO figure out somehow without stamina
shrooms or find amiibo setup for shrooms to skip farming (especially
hyrule castle ones),

\- //TODO potentially check different entrance for windblight skip or at
least initial dmg (according to saver windblight is easy though, so
maybe not worth it)

\-

TODO Great Plateau (Outdated)

BLSS faster setup into lake normalization

Bomb shrine practice, better setup with cycle, one bomb second ladder? D
tap bomb note down everything

TODO : stasis no hammer grab early U

TODO after reroute

New ending glider get

Direct vs warp bomb to stasis

TODO

Tree cutting to stasis

Stasis quick setup

Cyro final climb + normalization failed

Faster bomb shrine IL =\> faster ladder grab? UL after jumps from
elevator

BLSS to magnesis = enemies appeared + normalization failed

Faster amiibo farm =\> more than 2 despawn chests, but do they despawn
food? Check if we can cook cold food =\> lose lots of time to healing
all the time =\> can fix daytime too = normalize from house and could
act for food source in any% cooking

Faster stasis to tree normalization

Stasis shieldjump?

Magnesis BLSS speed values

Cryo chest setup

Cryo windbomb practice

Cryo windbomb R side into D normalize

Cyro beatcounted windbomb from neutral J

Ending glider castle roof

Stasis shield jump =\> check cycles

Check blss with Z hold angle

Magnesis jump swing timing for kill + getup onto stone
