Super Captain Falcon 64

# DarkWorld

Enter Castle like usual

Fkick, mash A hold U into UL till door, talk into U into Fpunch, U jump
into kick for DW

DW: mashTB, mash kick into R hold rollout into R slide getup,
3FalconPunch, BF L hold till getup, L 2UL 3J 4dive into UL, U on bridge
into BF just L till coin fence, then U till crystal,CR,LJ on 4.5, getup,
CR utap into Fkick UR hold getup, U till wall (watch out for goomba),
full A into CR instantly till wall, CL into Fkick mash A, (watch out for
goomba),

Punch, DJ U WK U getup into switch, vanilla entry of pipe (4 jumps)

Bowser1: instant Fpunch into BF for key

OldstratBeginning:sholdR 3A,LJ 6LJ 9J,11.5DJ, slide, 3xFpunch, BF on
music cue, then again on 8, double BF, like vanilla to bridge,

OldStratEnding: punch DJ wallkick U getup, switch, just U into 4xstair
into 3 steps LJ for pipe

DW->DDD

Fkick into bonk, Fpunch, JFD/DR into door

UR notch into dive release U for door U to enter

U into CR, 4steps into Fpunch door, U UL tap Fkick into DDD

DDD: UL beginning vanilla till metal cap wall, R getup x2, CDR max,
CLx2(1 pseudo), Dtap into Fkick DL hold into slow slide rollout J D J
for star

# Firesea

CDR on exit into U hold , kick into Fkick neutral: if miss BF GPs till
entry

FS:FJ R kick into Fkick U, on 3rd bounce LJ U into bounce UL tap into U
heart Fkick into bonk D hold neutral taps to land into LJ x2 into pole,
jump from pole, 18LJx2, 22.5/23 PB U into slide, BF into L charge hold
till music cue (1 on new cycle, L into 2J,3UL,4L, till 13, Rtap into BF
wait for cue long note( 2nd note) BF DL , 4 U into corner UL, Jtap
getup, U Fkick into 3UR 8R 10.5/11 PB neutral; Utap Fkick on second
bounce UL into U J dive at end into bowser2

Bowser2: buffer Fpunch during dmgboost and hold max length into release
BF for key2

old strats: FJ on music cue grab ledge, J R into Fkick 2UR into 3U run8
Fpunch charge, 10release into U tap for kill and platform, mashed
triplejump dive into pole, jump from pole and count till 18 then stop
(CR twice for camera), Flick till coins then R till getup;

corner:CLx2,Lpunch, 3R,2U 4xLJ into pole, rest vanilla with

# BLJs

2BF into exit stage, mario cam U into door tap after opening door again

Vanilla till BLJ spot, hold U till infinite corner, Ltap Fpunch UL
buffer into DJ getup into 2UL J into U UL wall till door, mario cam
punch, normal BLJ setup, corner with UL hold CR U instead of pausebuffer

# Sky

SKY:

NewBeginning: hold R after getup 5beats FJ 6.5 DJ mashed TJ into R hold
getup, 17F kick 19rollout once into 27R wall, U for 6 beats, pausebuffer
L LJ UL LJ DL, normalize with setup punch into R wall Ltap turnaround,
on audio cue Fkick, 9beats BF UR BF UR tap, hold R 5 for stair switch
getup (backup next cycle possible) 5.5 getup, 5th jumps into 10 PB L 11
LJ vanilla till after elevators, dont do UL LJs to elevator.

3.5 L, into U J Fkick mash out into vanilla

Bowser3: buffer Fpunch 4.5 after TB

2star sounds into BF

OldBeginning:hold R after getup 4 beats into 2x LJ mash A getup, bitR
into LJ push, JRtap getup, 2xLJ R into run 17beats
