This document is made for people that want to know more about the
blindfolded Breath of the Wild – any% (glitched) speedrun.

I will provide some information about every split so you can follow
along my runs and hopefully get a bit more interested in the
technicalities behind this amazing speedrun\!

Hey ladies and gentlemen\! With this video, I want to provide a short
introduction to the world of blindfolded Breath of the Wild Speedruns,
specifically – any% (glitched). I am currently working on a new route
for this game and will speedrun full runs the game very soon. That is
why I want to provide some information about the game, so that even
first-time viewers can enjoy the streams and runs and be a part of the
journey with me\!

# Introduction

The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild is the nineteenth main
instalment of The Legend of Zelda series. It was released worldwide for
the Wii U and Nintendo Switch on March 3, 2017 and got quickly very
famous due to its new approach to the Zelda series, its enormous open
world and the clever possibilities of using your surroundings and
everything else available for fighting and puzzle solving. It makes
especially well use of the world’s physics with the new rune powers,
which allow you to freeze object in time with stasis, create bombs,
create ice from water and use metal objects via magnets. The story
revolves around Link waking up after a long slumber, only to find the
kingdom of Hyrule under the dark influences of the evil that is Ganon.
The game is not only open world in terms of territory, but it also
allows for great freedom in terms of gameplay. In theory, one could
finish the tutorial section, and right away go to the endboss. Of
course, that skips more than 95% of the game and the game does not
except people to be well equipped enough at that point to actually
defeat the boss. And this is exactly where speedrunners come into play.

# The Speedrun Route

**Now, I am going to explain the general route that the blindfolded
speedrun will take and what makes each section special. Just as a little
disclaimer that the route is not finalized yet and can change in the
future with new discoveries, but for now it seems like this is what I
will be going for.**

**Tower:** The run begins in the Shrine of Resurrection, where Link
awakes from his deep slumber. There are lots of cutscenes and tutorials
going on in this section, as it teaches us how to move etc., so we have
quite a bit of downtime in the very beginning. After we get out into the
open world, the real run starts. Our first goal is to activate the tower
which is located in this far away cave. Now how are we able to navigate
in such a vast world? Let me explain a few techniques we are using
throughout the run.

First of all, we have bunny hops. Breath of the Wild features the same
kind of normalized camera and movement as in Ocarina of Time. You can
hold the Z-Target button in order to lock the camera behind link and
only strife to the sides and back and forth. On top of that, you can do
hops into all directions in this mode. These hops are 100% normalized
but unfortunately, they are quite slow in such a huge world. That is why
we are only using them for precise setups or sections that would
otherwise be very weird to traverse through. What we use instead is our
good old friend called beatcounting. And more precisely, we
pseudo-beatcount close to all the overworld movement in the game. That
means, instead of performing and counting for example 100 hops to the
cave, we hold up and sprint for a certain number of beats. Since Breath
of the Wild only has really ambient music without rhythm, I have to
count a song like the slider from SM64 in my head so I keep a consistent
bpm for my counting, therefore the term pseudo-beatcounting. This allows
us to go much faster from A to B. On top of the movement, we are also
going to grab our first weapon on the way, which we actually don’t use
to fight, but rather for blindfolded setups. The two handed axe has a
great buffering feature, in which you can start your swing, then hold a
direction on your stick, and release once the swing is over. Like this,
you can turn in 45° angles and set yourself up for movement etc.\!

**Bombs:**

After activating the tower, we have to move to the first of four shrines
that we need to beat in order to progress the main story. Each of these
shrines teaches you a new ability, and acts as kind of a mini dungeon.
We first go to the bomb shrine, as the bombs are a really powerful tool
that we will need in later sections of the run. The way to the bombs is
very straightforward, so let me talk a bit more about the shrines in
general. Shrines are really great for blindfolded, since they are mostly
closed rooms with walls all around you, and you can easily normalize all
of your movements in them. On top of that, you always have the ability
to save and reload your save file in shrines, and it will just let you
restart the entire thing. The bomb shrine itself is really not very
difficult, you need to listen for a cycle, time some bomb throws and
that’s it.

**Amiibo Farm:**

**Stasis:**

**Cryonis:**

**Magnesis:** cool use of a deathwarp where we kill ourselves in order
to get back to Pascals Village, afterwards the city gets attacked by
tricky boss that requires some strange camera setup

**Ganon’s Castle:**

**Blights:**

**Ganon:**

# The Speedrun Techniques

To speedrun this game, many fast techniques and skips have been found by
the community. I will go over the most important ones right now.

  - **Highjumps**: By chaining various aerial attacks together, we are
    able to gain a lot of vertical height, which allows us to jump over
    certain barriers the game places in front of us.

  - **Out-of-Bounds:** The speedrun is known for its paper-thin walls.
    With certain moves like the pod launch or the shortsword heavy
    attack, we can clip through various walls in the game, allowing us
    to go out-of-bounds and skipping large chunks of required
    gameplay**.**

  - **DamageGlitch:** For basically every fight in the game, we only use
    a single move out of our extensive attack moveset, which is a heavy
    attack after a dash. There is a programming error that increases the
    damage output but the attack right after a dash by like x5, so even
    if we are underleveled, we just melt everything with our spinning
    sword away. To further increase this, we equip two swords at the
    same time and throw both of them in this matter, effectively
    doubling this damage once more + using the taunt feature, which lets
    enemies receive double damage for the tradeoff that they also deal
    double damage to you. But that is still not all: we also buy tons of
    buff items that enhance our power even more, making this one attack
    one of the most broken and powerful moves out of any videogame in
    history.

  - **Blindfolded Setups:** For the blindfolded run of this game, I
    mostly count the dashes of 2B in order to navigate through the vast
    world. We have some semi-normalized movement options like backdashes
    and attacks, which we use for some precise setups. Other than that
    it is interesting to note that I dont use beatcounting basically at
    all in this run, in fact I have to turn the BGM volume down in the
    beginning of the run as the music overplays many other important
    audio cues. We also heavily change the custom camera settings, which
    allows us to change the dynamic camera to a static one. For enemy
    location we abuse the lock on system of the game.
