This document is made for people that have no idea about the blindfolded
NieR:Automata run but still want to understand a bit more about what is
actually going on.

I will provide some information about every split so you can follow
along my runs and hopefully get a bit more interested in the
technicalities behind this amazing speedrun :)

Hey guys, with this video, I want to provide a short introduction to the
blindfolded Nier Automata speedrun.

Since I will speedrun the game again very soon and I think many of my
newer viewers might not know much about the run itself. Thats why I want
to provide some information, so that even first time viewers can enjoy
this run and be part of the journey with me.

# Introduction

“Nier: Automata is a 2017 action role-playing game developed by
PlatinumGames and got very famous due to its wonderful storytelling,
beautiful art and extremely memorable soundtrack. It plays in a very
fluid way and is set in a half-open world with a hub-area (City Ruins)
with different kinds of connected sub-areas (Desert, Forest, …). The
protagonist 2B and her partner 9S set out on a journey in order to find
out the truth behind the machine war, human civilization and the meaning
of life itself. It plays like a classic Action-RPG, there are
mainquests, sidequests, Bossfights, LevelUps, etc.

#   
The Speedrun (include into Route for fluid telling)

To speedrun through this game, many fast techniques and skips have been
found by the community. Some of them are listed here:

  - **Highjumps**: By chaining various aerial attacks together, we are
    able to gain a lot of vertical height, which allows us to jump over
    certain barriers the game places in front of us.

  - **Out-of-Bounds:** The speedrun is known for its paper-thin walls.
    With certain moves like the pod launch or the shortsword heavy
    attack, we can clip through various walls in the game, allowing us
    to go out-of-bounds and skipping large chunks of required
    gameplay**.**

  - **DamageGlitch:** For basically every fight in the game, we only use
    a single move out of our extensive attack moveset, which is a heavy
    attack after a dash. There is a programming error that increases the
    damage output but the attack right after a dash by like x5, so even
    if we are underleveled, we just melt everything with our spinning
    sword away. To further increase this, we equip two swords at the
    same time and throw both of them in this matter, effectively
    doubling this damage once more + using the taunt feature, which lets
    enemies receive double damage for the tradeoff that they also deal
    double damage to you. But that is still not all: we also buy tons of
    buff items that enhance our power even more, making this one attack
    one of the most broken and powerful moves out of any videogame in
    history.

  - **Blindfolded Setups:** For the blindfolded run of this game, I
    mostly count the dashes of 2B in order to navigate through the vast
    world. We have some semi-normalized movement options like backdashes
    and attacks, which we use for some precise setups. Other than that
    it is interesting to note that I dont use beatcounting basically at
    all in this run, in fact I have to turn the BGM volume down in the
    beginning of the run as the music overplays many other important
    audio cues. We also heavily change the custom camera settings, which
    allows us to change the dynamic camera to a static one. For enemy
    location we abuse the lock on system of the game.

# The Route

**Prologue:** rather tedious and long introduction/tutorial section with
many autoscrollers. Interesting to note are the first instances of skips
and out of bounds skips: Right after the first big machine fight:
CraneSkip and after the next enemy wave: BridgeSkip (both achieved with
precise highjumps)

**Questing:** One of the hardest splits in the run, due to RNG drops in
the second sidequest we have to clear. We have to kill enemies for
drops, but the drop location is random. I have found a somewhat
consistent way to get into the approximate position of the enemies
death, but then its random circling around to grab the needed items. If
you dont get all 3 items, you have to save, reload and repeat, which
costs a lot of time and is the biggest RNG factor in the run (as well as
the biggest reset point).

**Desert:** We get some first buff items, equip our second sword for the
damage glitch, and travel fairly normally through the desert with some
out-of-bounds sections with precise setups. We also fight out first
boss: Adam

**AmusementPark:** Amusement Park is pretty straightforward, there used
to be a very precise skip, but I routed it out for a safer route
recently. Second boss: Simone

**Engels2:** cool use of a deathwarp where we kill ourselves in order to
get back to Pascals Village, afterwards the city gets attacked by tricky
boss that requires some strange camera setups

**Negotiations:** need to be fast in the beginning for skype glitch
(which cancel future calls from the commander); the camera can mess up
on the way which is kind of unrecoverable; the boss is basically an
autoscroller: we only kill him once for EXP then try to go out-of-bounds
for swag

**Forest:** biggest menu in the run, sell lots of stuff and buy buffs,
-\> I created an algorithm in order to determine orb position in menu,
dependend on the previous random enemy drops we might upgrade our sword
to “VC3” which is faster and stronger (big RNG), else tricky movement
through the forest area

We end with mario kart and forest castle skip, extremely difficult and
precise movements that save tons of time and skip basically the entire
intended route of the forest quest

**FloodedCity(Grun):** We go to the next boss in the flooded city with
an out of bounds clip from the resistance camp, then longest
autoscroller in history (15 minutes or so)

**CopiedCity:** right after grun we head to the copied city, with one of
the most precise tricks in the entire run. you only have a fex pixels to
clip through this wall, but fortunately I found a semi-normalized setup
for the blindfolded run.

**Factory(Soshi):** some fancy dialogue skips in the beginning, then we
head into a long factory section which plays mostly in 2D, there are
mechanical crushers in the level which can RNG kill you in very rare
cases (happened in PB)

**Eve(Bossrush):** back to resistance camp and last bossrush (Koshi,
Core1, Core2, Eve) tricky camera / sound location setups after Core2 as
we need to somehow find our way back to the savepoint without knowing
where our camera looks

For the last boss (Eve), we need to change our camera settings again in
order to find him in the last phase (enemytracking -\> dynamic camera).
Time ends on starting the last cutscene.
