This document is made for people that have no idea about the blindfolded
Dark Souls 3 run but still want to understand a bit more about what is
actually going on.

I will provide some information about every split so you can follow
along my runs and hopefully get a bit more interested in the
technicalities behind this amazing speedrun :)

# Introduction

Dark Souls 3 is a action-RPG that is very known for its amazing
gameplay, bossfights and its brutal difficulty. It plays in a world with
a main hub-area (Firelink Shrine) from which you travel to multiple
other areas in order to kill the 4 main bosses in the game and
collecting their lord souls. Only after accumulating all 4 of these
souls, we can finally challenge the final boss. It includes a leveling
system with a little twist, as you lose all you collected experience
upon every death that you take.

#   
The Speedrun

To speedrun through this game, there are a few really important and
useful glitches, skips and techniques. Some of them are listed here:

  - > **Duplicating Items**: The most important glitch that makes a
    > blindfolded speedrun viable in the first place is called
    > Tumblebuff, and it simply speaking allows you to duplicate
    > consumable items. We can use that to duplicate souls, which
    > conveniently act as experience points. This way, we can (with a
    > little exp duplicating session for around 10 minutes), get
    > extremely overpowered as soon as the 3rd boss dies. This will get
    > us through most of the game without major issues, though since we
    > will be blindfolded, every enemy encounter can still play out
    > horrible.

  - > **Watchers Skip:** The Abyss Watchers are the 3rd boss in the run
    > and and extremely difficult roadblock for many players.They are
    > the first of the 4 Lord Bosses, and when we fight them, we are
    > still completely underleveled and undergeared. Thankfully, like by
    > a miracle, there exists one of the only boss skips in this version
    > called Watchers Skip. With a very precise setup (that I already
    > proved working while blindfolded), we can essentially disable the
    > AI of the boss, and take all the time we need slowly chopping
    > their HP bar to 0. This skip also allows the duplicating soul
    > glitch to start, as the boss soul that drops from this fight gives
    > 20000 exp that we then can duplicate infinitely. The problem is:
    > You have one try to perform this glitch correctly, and it is
    > extremely precise. If you miss: the run is most likely over or you
    > have to kill the boss the normal way.

  - > **Equipment:** Of course, we need strong equipment and gear for
    > this run. For that, we use the Sellsword Twinblades, a pretty
    > early game weapon that we can make extremely strong and is quite
    > broken in terms of damage. It is a dexterity dual wield weapon,
    > which allows for very fast damage buildup. The problem: We cannot
    > hold a shield while using this weapon. For blindfolded this means
    > quite a lot of problems, as there arent audio cues for every
    > single attack that is dodgeable, but the sheer destruction power
    > of these blades makes up for it.

> Besides that, we use a very medium heavy standard gear.

  - > **Spells/Miracles:** There is an extremely broken spell in Dark
    > Souls 3 called Spook.

> What it does is basically negating fall damage from certain heights,
> which allows for much faster overworld movement but it can also be
> extended with a glitch called Spook Quitout. You can survive even
> great heights that would usually kill you if you time a quitout at the
> same time you die. This allows for some easy skips that can also be
> performed blindfolded.

  - > **Quitout:** Now that we have talked about Spook Quitouts, lets
    > talk about normal quitouts. This is a technique which we will see
    > very very often since it allows us to reset all enemies into their
    > beginning positions. We can basically run through the world past
    > every enemy, aggro everything and during certain points quitout to
    > get us into a safe position from which we continue the run.

<!-- end list -->

  - > **StaticCameraMod:** One of the major things that is different in
    > this blindfolded run will be the StaticCameraMod. It basically
    > changes the original camera behavior by adding an option to make
    > the usually dynamic camera at least pseudo-static. That means we
    > can walk down, left and right without the camera changing its
    > pointing direction.

# The Route

**Gundir:** rather tedious and long introduction/tutorial section with
many autoscrollers. Interesting to note are the first instances of skips
and out of bounds skips: Right after the first big machine fight:
CraneSkip and after the next enemy wave: BridgeSkip (both achieved with
precise highjumps)

**Vordt:** One of the hardest splits in the run, due to RNG drops in the
second sidequest we have to clear. We have to kill enemies for drops,
but the drop location is random. I have found a somewhat consistent way
to get into the approximate position of the enemies death, but then its
random circling around to grab the needed items. If you dont get all 3
items, you have to save, reload and repeat, which costs a lot of time
and is the biggest RNG factor in the run (also biggest reset point).

**Watchers:** we get some first buffs, equip our second sword for the
damage glitch, and travel fairly normally through the desert with some
out-of-bounds sections with precise setups. First Boss: Adam

**Wolnir:** there is an unrecoverable out of bounds skip, which is
extremely precise, but it skips 2 cutscenes and a detour. If I fail I
have to reset all the way back to the end of desert. Second boss: Simone

**Sage:** cool use of a deathwarp where we kill ourselves in order to
get back to Pascals Village, City gets attacked by tricky boss that
requires some strange camera setups

**Deacons:** need to be fast in the beginning for skype glitch (we
cancel future calls from the commander); the camera can mess up on the
way which is kind of unrecoverable; the boss is basically an
autoscroller: we only kill him once for EXP then try to go out-of-bounds
for swag

**Yhorm:** biggest menu in the run, sell lots of stuff and buy buffs,
-\> I created an algorithm in order to determine orb position in menu,
dependend on the previous random enemy drops we might upgrade our sword
to “VC3” which is faster and stronger (big RNG), else tricky movement
through the forest area

We end with mario kart and forest castle skip, extremely difficult and
precise movements that save tons of time and skip basically the entire
intended route of the forest quest

**Pontiff:** We go to the next boss in the flooded city with an out of
bounds clip from the resistance camp, then longest autoscroller in
history (15 minutes or so)

**Aldrich:** right after grun we head to the copied city, with one of
the most precise tricks in the entire run. you only have a fex pixels to
clip through this wall, but fortunately I found a semi-normalized setup
for the blindfolded run.

**Dancer:** some fancy dialogue skips in the beginning, then we head
into a long factory section which plays mostly in 2D, there are
mechanical crushers in the level which can RNG kill you in very rare
cases (happened in PB)

**Dragonslayer Armor:** back to resistance camp and last bossrush
(Koshi, Core1, Core2, Eve) tricky camera / sound location setups after
Core2 as we need to somehow find our way back to the savepoint without
knowing where our camera looks

For the last boss (Eve), we need to change our camera settings again in
order to find him in the last phase (enemytracking -\> dynamic camera).
Time ends on starting the last cutscene.

**Lothric:**

**Cinder:**
