Current PB/WRs:

any%:
[<span class="underline">https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gRkmmTbE2Go</span>](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gRkmmTbE2Go)

100%:
[<span class="underline">https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=45vdw\_xnfUk</span>](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=45vdw_xnfUk)

UpperCase follow any%

\-BRINSTAR

\-bomb missiles

\-NORFAIR

\-CRATERIA

\-precrateria missiles

\-RIDELY

\-new any% missile ridely

\-ridely maze missle 1

\-ridely maze missle 2

\-finish ridley

\-back to Brinstar

\-up to brinstar3(worm) then missle after hive

\-upper brinstar cleaup wallkick missles

\-upper brinstar varia etank

\-upper brinstar missles

\-vertical brinstar shortcut

\-kraid saferoom missiles

\-acid worm missiles

\-big crawler missiles

\-bomb zip line missiles

\-kraid

\-way to tourian

\-new any%+brinstar spark supers

\-TOURIAN

\-SUITLESS

\-BIG TODO CLEANUP

\-ultraspark side missle

\-lava supers

\-slow guy supers //if door closed, else later with door setup

\-pre meta save

\-main pbomb (door clip)

\-second pbomb / try to bomb as high as possible for enemy kill

\-pbomb shortcut

\-pbomb ball bomb long room after 3 bombs

\-pbomb door at LR room

\-falldown pillar supers

\-save refill in chozodia4 //only needed if low health, else refill with
next and skip long bomb room pbomb + door clip needed

\-pbomb to open floor after searchlight room

\-refill if not previously

\-connection supers to suitless start 4LR right supers door

\-suitless start pbomb

\-CHOZODIACLEAN2 / refill if low health

\-pipes

\-CHOZODIACLEAN3da

\-up hidden ball crawler supers

\-ball maze supers

\-crateria entrance spark

\-crateria underwater missles

\-crateria spark1 supers

\-crateria omega spark pbombs

\-old tourian

\-motherbrain pbomb

\-tourian shine spark

\-brinstar again

\-norfair2

\-spacejump/sparka missiles

\-pre ridely skip fail heated missles //only if not earlier somehow

\-long corridor missiles spark

\-long corridor supers spark

\-highjump shortcut to screw wave

\-screw attack

\-refill

\-screw attack missiles

\-long long right of maproom supers

\-long long right of maproom secret missiles

\-lava pbomb room

\-down heated room wall missiles

\-down heated room normal missiles

\-wave beam

\-Etank bug

\-ridely2

\-bugboss supers

\-ridely left Etank

\-under save missiles

\-ice skip missiles 1

\-ice skip missiles 2

\-long room spark missiles

\- secret right room missiles

\- frame spark jump missiles

\-ridely death room missles secret lava

\-owl room hj missiles

\-exit ridely

//norfair to crateria missiles early

//upper brinstar early

\-pipe way into norfair

\- shortcut to kraid

\-KRAID CLEANUP

\-falldown sand missiles

\-ball zipline missiles

\-acid ballspark supers

\-back to brinstar

\-back to crateria with pbomb beginning

\- into Chozodia CLEANUP

\- pbomb door entrance pbombs

\- block ball secret supers

back to charlie

\-3rd line pbombs

\-up and ultraspark

\-crateria/chozodia missiles with ball spark

\- chozodia up pipe ETANK

\-right pipe pbombs

\- last Etank

**BombMissles:**

Second bomb block neutral, 3.5beats L mash bomb, Lcorner, 3beats getup,
bj L, 2beats R bomb on 2, L again isntantly, 1.5R getup /earlier into
taps, RR missles, get back,L,R

**PrecrateriaMissles: VOD , 3RR,2RR,4RR, 2LL getups**

**BrinstarToKraid:** RRbomb, L,R.L.R2LR,RRgrab, neutralJ into bomb,
neutral R into grab getup R into missle

Backup: 2LRgrab, RR, corner, 2LRgrab, Ushot, LR, Lshot door

Back acid with highjump, 4,7.5,12.5

**UpperBrinstarCleanup:**

From door: LR, kill, neuttral J L, RR, ULkill, LR, NR R(if dmg again
RR), UL kill enemy, LRgrab, 2LR, UR enemy kill, RRgrabLR, wallkicks into
ball missle1

Rhold J into door again second fall

Vod

Getdown: 1L,2R,3L,drop down, 4L,5R,6Ldoor

**VertShortcutMissle:**

After ball getup, R, L, R, DLfreeze, L hold wall, Rtap kill, RR, neutral
Lgrab, L bomb spam ,Rdrop,L till drop after dmg, R6kills, 5beats R into
Ldrop dmg into acid, wait for explosion into Ljump missles,R hold into
continue descend

**KraidZipLine:** 13.5beats on bomb dropR

**PBombDoorClip:** 9beats from second TB, Rshoot Ltap pausebuffer

**CrateriaEntranceSpark:** 12.5beats

**CrateriaSuperSpark:** 8.5stepbeats

**OldTourianSpark:** 9beats

**NorfairSpark:** from left door open corner, 11.5beat spark, RR right
hold a bit into R refill, 3RR R rundown, Rrefill, super fast RR ball
bomb Rhold into neutral ballspark

**NorfairMissleSpark:** from left door entrance 16beats spark, into
refill after run sound cue

**NorfairLongSuperSpark:** from entrance 12.5beats into 2LRspace super
spark //Fast; can also first go thorugh the door

**^back:** 2RRcorner ,12.5spark on top height for missles //TODO maybe
get missles before supers for spark savety

Second room: wait a tiny bit for gap dmg boost, Rhold into Rshoots for
sound, then DR for kill into R for door //backup: kill dude and go left
again

**NorfairCleanupLongRoom:**

First spark in door

Second spark back 8.5 steps

Third spark 12.5beats

**BugBoss:**

On fast 6-7beat Rhold super spam till death //every beat

**IceSkipSpark:** 5RR, upshot, RR, R corner, 10stepspark, on second
landing LR into shoot into Lholdspark

**d**

**LongRoomBack:** 10stepspark right, 2LRgrab,upshot, LR

**RightRidelyEntranceSpark:** 11step into drop, RR, door, refill in
save, holdR door, after door charge, RR, bit LR RR Rspark

**RidelyBallMazeSpark:** 11beat from left reenter corner

**UpToFrameJump:** from right corner 11beat into Lwall, RR, 2Ltap spark

**FrameJump:** Lcorner, stepbeats: shoot every beat, 14missle, 15 jump
space

//pause buffer after breaking wall on exit into NJ Ltap for door,
\~30space into Rshoot2RRgrab

**KraidBombTiming:** 1bomb,5J,8DAdrop

**KraidBallAcidSpark:** 11beats into Lhold R

**CrateriaToChozodiaSpark:** from 2RR position: 19R, RR, Lrefill, R into
RR on dropdown, shoot R and spark R, store after 3doors

**UltraSpark: TODO**

**Back:** 8.5beatspark

**PipeEtankSpark:** from enemy leftdoor 13beat into LwallRR upspark

**LongVerticalPbombSpark:**

From Lcorner 10beat

**LastEtank:**

2x8.5, Lcorner, LRneutral, around 3beats R into spark

**MetaRidely:**

7supers into glass break, second attack pbomb shortly after stop moving
ridely, into instant 5supers

wait for attack, pbomb on 3rd lazer into 1-2supers //need to hit all 7
at the beginning
