This document will record different strats and information about the
Metroid: Zero Mission - any% Normal Blindfolded Speedrun. I am not going
to write down a movement document for this game as most is improvisation
and intuition. It is hard for me to find a normalized way to write it
down. By Bubzia.

[<span class="underline">Blindfolded Speedrun: Metroid Zero Mission -
any% in 1:22:46 \[World Record\] -
YouTube</span>](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xNy6KeJ_dqo)

# Splits

## Brinstar

**Timed Acid Jumps Beatcounting:**

Longshot - Tourian: wall, LR,LR, 3instantLR, L till drop , few steps LR
door

Tourian - Map: RR after second door sound cue over acid, R wall,
2RR,RholdRR,2RRgap, RR, Rdrop, 2RR over acid

Vert2 - Hive: open door and beatcount R, R1,J8,J13,J17 door

Bomb - Hive: Rdoorcorner, beatcount L,
L1,J2,J4.5,J6.5,J8,J10,J12,J14,J16,J17,J18

Hive - Vert2: Rdoorcorner, beatcount L, L1, J4,J7.5,J12.5

**Worm:**

Setup into beatcounted spawn1, Ushoot8, Rdmg, ball till enemy getup hit,
Ldmg, 3Rtap, ball till enemy getup hit , kill

## Norfair

**Crateria Jump:** close to full wallkick into neutral or Rtap for edge
into LR

After saveroom to ice: saveroom second soundclue on door opening LR into
grab

## Ridely

**Owl steps:** Rcorner, 9steps L into fall R

**DeathRoom:** after pipe hideout \~11-12LRs till door

**RNGRoomToSupers:** Ldoorcorner, open into beatcount L, L1, neutral in
door, mash neutral and DL for first kill, DL aim shoot13

If yes: continue

If no: DL aim shoot20 continue

**RNGRoomBack:** Rdoorcorner, open into beatcount R, R1, neutral in
door, mash neutral for first kill, DR aim shoot12 (early)

If yes: continue

If no: DR aim shoot19

## Kraid

**ZiplineBoosterSkip:** second block Lcorner, shoot last block, ball,
beatcount L, L1, 5-6 mash bombs

**Sandworm Beatcounting:** after Ltap setup start beatcounting J1, Rtap,
missles6, J14, Ltap,select supers, mash till lava, 9sounds + 2 count
into J, Rtap missles kill

## Tourian

**BrinstarMisslesAfterKraidBooster:** get missles, Rcorner, beatcount L,
1L, at 4R

**BrinstarBallspark:** Lcorner beat11.5D spark after door

**PreMotherBrain:** 9missles, 2Lgetup, short Lhold into 9missles,
3Lgetup, 9missles, 2-3Lgetup into 2supers, go to motherbrain

## Suitless

**Suitless5VertToWallkickRoom:** entrance 3stepsR into LR, entrance
4stepsL into RR

**Suitless6LastRoom:** reexit entrance for enemy manip, need full Lhold
till wall

## Chozodia
