This document will record all the strats used in the Super Mario 64 - 70
Star Blindfolded Speedrun. By Bubzia.

BBH movement: CDL mash , Zbuffer UR 3LJ 5U 6LJ 8neutral GP on landing

BBH reenter: 1L 2UL 3LJ 5U 6 neutral BF GP

DDD entrance: A TB and CR same time into U LJ

# RTAinJapan New Strats:

TTC reenter from star grab with beats: 1TB,2BFx2, 10.5BF

RR TTC enter: 1TB, 6CL 7CL, 13 (wall) DJ hang, 20.5 U hold into
paintingTTM-\>SL: 3steps DR into LJ UR U into change UL door, U kick 4UL
5LJ 8J

SL Freeze: CR on music cue x2, U TJ UR into U during 3rd jump , mash A
for sloppy slope hop into star

TTC hand: faster red climb: 3 kick beats into FJ L UL into corner, then
from getup: Zbuffer L 4LJ 5UL LJ mash into land J GP star

TTC pendulum: same as hand, then Zbuffer L 5J6U8J glitchy wall, DJ UL
wall J DJ from bar into U getup, UR wall into CL PB D U sideflip
upstairs , land into U CR mash UR corner into UL LJ x2 into star

TTC cage: then Zbuffer L 5J6U8J glitchy wall, PB neutral, J R into U
wall J getup, mario cam CD into Zbuffer UL 3LJx2 into U J kick DJ D into
star

TTC bars: beginning CD, \~1DL buffer kick \~2DJ into \~5 L (there is
invisible wall, random) into UL L corner into 1J L, 3UL 4J 5U getup,
9(fast getup)/11(slow getup) LJ U UL into U wall J kick U hold till wall
hugs, then L into 4 wall sounds, then DJ U tap getup, U into UR FJ hang
Z cancel drop into CLmax CR delayed TJ wallkick setup

THI-\>TTM: D buffer (dont save), into door, 1UR 1U kick into UL 7wall
into toad star, buffer UR 7 steps into LJ for painting

WDW -\> THI: L on TB 4 LJ into U UL door

Vanish entry: instant lock into 3steps L LJ into landing U into 2LJ UR
into J dive UL tap into entrances

WDW top: new beginning: R LJ neutral into bounce into full R on land UR
into U till flame

3.5J 5LJ 7LJ8LJ U hold into 10.5J UR U UR3 PB wall PBkick CL, Zbuffer U
3LJ UR 5kick Up 6kick 7L 7.5J getup into L slidekick rollout into UL J U
into UL wallhug getup 3CLmax into old setup

From getup:123 wallkick into 5D 8U 9J (hold)9.5UL10U11.5LJp

DDD beginning swim: normal beginning into 11 R tap into U hold till 16,
then 9.5D into U 21 clam,

new CAP: PB kick into CD, into Zbuffer DL into 3J 3.5 GP 6LJ 8 neutral,
3neutral into 3fastswim into 9fastswim U into neutral ones till 12 into
L hold slow swim

Bits Elevator Cycles:

1: 2BF 4.5 neutral, 8R 13BF, 21 BF

2: 1BF 3.5 neutral, 7R l 12 BF 20 BF

3: 3BF 5neutral, 9R, 15BF, 23 BF

4: 2.5-3BF 5neutral, 8R, 14 BF 22BF

L4U, 6J 7dive rollout 4.5 dive rollout again

New LLL strats:

LLL Hendy Bully: buffer U, (beatcount bully steps) then LJ at 5, UR tap
at 7 and go up again at 8, then LJ at 15, JD at 19, rollout at 22, C
right at 23, LJ at 24, go neutral on 30, Up again at around 31.5,
slidekick at 35, rollout at 38 (both the slidekick and rollout push the
bully forward) and final slidekick at like 41, go neutral right after
that one, CR into U hold till sound of falling bridge into DJ dive
rollout star

LLL Vulcano: U 5LJ 15.5 LJ, 17UR 18UL 19 neutral old setup

New BOB island: 2.5 D tap shot into delayed rollout UR into U GP for
box, ( if missed tap shot do GP at highest point into R J GP box)

New BOB secrets: 2.5 D tap shot into getup animation into Lbuffered kick
UL into Zmash for cannon, then 0.4 beats tap into shot ( 2-3 frames to
hit?) like bowser throw maybe bit more precise)

New BOB Boss: get up into Zbuffer D 4U sideflip % Ur getup neutral\!,
wait for TB, kick DJ UL tap over him into D 1 punch CR R hold into throw
dmg into L JGP turnaround into 4BF 6L7punch x2 into CL U URtap J into
star

Bomb Clip: from fence: 6.5 wall sounds into punch for bomb, L Singlejump
throw like pillarless into D regrab, 3 J U into throw, J R into star or
wall into DJ kick wall for star

PSS strat: 23 UL 27J L CUR 31UL 35 dive 363738394041xCR each on 42U on
43CD into

L wall bonk DR kick buffer LJ

Box: same but after bonk R buffer DJ UR TJ instant GP for box

CCM slide: mario cam , J kick on beat 3 4, 6UR(tiny bit later) into mash
CL from 7on beat 14 U dive,

Lakitu end of slide into bonk into DL kick into UL into L door

RRswing + triangle start: 17FJ neutral into corner into 19U, 20CL 1 J,
4.5Dturnaround into 6.5LJx2 into DL tap strat everything normal from
here but turned around p

BubziaCycle RR Swing: instant getup into L FJ DJ into D U sideflip U
land J rollout into coins L into LJ into J DJ for omega quick cycle.

RRship: 19J, 23FJ 27LJ, 31LJ, 35.5stop, dont normalize after carpet,
just 1J3LJ 4neutral getup, 8beats on second pole into CR into DJ U getup
with L hold into sideflip UR without pausebuffer, getup into Zbuffer U
7R 8LJ DR a bit into LJ mash for star.

RRreds: beginning beatcount: 19J 23FJ 25UL, 27J,31L do reds

HMC Amazing: lock cam after door into 9 steps UL into J getup, U tap
into 1 2DJ UR 3U TJ UR into wallkick dive for star

# Abbreviations

**Stagenames:**

BOB = Bob-omb Battlefield

WF = Whomp´s Fortress

CCM = Cool, Cool Mountain

PSS = The Princess´s Secret Slide

BitDW = Bowser in the Dark World

SSL = Shifting Sand Land

HMC = Hazy Maze Cave

BBH = Big Boo´s Haunt

DDD = Dire, Dire Docks

BitFS = Bowser in the Fire Sea

BitS = Bowser in the Sky

**Inputs/Movement:**

TB = TextBox

U,D,L,R = Analog Stick Directions (up,down,left,right and corresponding
combinations UR = upright etc.)

C + Direction = camera c-button direction

Direction + W (+C) = until wall f.e. UW = up until wall (also applicable
with Corners : UWC = up until wall until corner)

Direction (+W) + C = Corner of two walls (determined by the swoosh or no
sound)

WS = Wall Slide Sound

S = steps

LJ = LongJump

FJ = FullJump (A Pressed as long as possible)

SJ = ShortJump (A Pressed a bit)

DJ = DoubleJump

TJ = TripleJump

SF = SideFlip

BF = BackFlip

WK = WallKick

LG = LedgeGrab

Pswim = Perfect swim

PB = PauseBuffer

MC = MusicCue

Number x + s = x seconds

Other stages/obsolete:

**PSS:**

**Old:U,15UL,20R,21UL,28UR,29DL,30J, 30, 32UL, UL39dive 15U**

**Normalize with UL after landing, punch bufferDR 1beats into neutral
LJx2**

**//HMC-LLL:** LJ U into infinite run punch, get star from toad, CL?
TODO UDJ kick wall, R wall,UL L door, U wall CL, U LJ U/UR LJ UR TODO

**TTM breeze: beginning breeze** intoR hold, CLmax, Zbuffer UR
4.5J5L6.5kick

OLDstrat:3 beats walk down, 3CL into 1U J 2UDJ 3D4L4.5kick

**TTM climb**: into breezepppp into R hold till breeze gone into U getup
2LJ , on way U UR tap U corner: DJ L hold getup, 2CL, D3neutralJ Dcoin,
J Rtap, 3backflips (coin sound confirm else backup), CL, U,2LJ4LJ, 6.5
J, 9.5J,,11DJ13TJ

J R neutral, ESS U till grab getup (1up), buffered D U sideflip getup
into U star or

L DL normalize getup, BF U 5kicks into J dive into J GP

**TTM box:** buffer U + CL, on sound cue J mario, J over goomba 2 LJ
into timed GP mash (not to early, if slide then its bad), lakitu, J L/UL
into punch box into L hold till third into R hold mash A for star

(if no star J D into it)

**//TTM Monkey: same as climb till star //1:40 length**

In cave: normalize into CR BF 5 kicks J dive D rollout, normalize fence
L D DL, punch, CL max, CUP cancel, Zbuffer 4.5L punch grab, free him
into R D DR normalize, CR max,punch, Zbuffer DL 2.5LJ 4 neutral, U on
monkey dance sound,U1.5J3DR,5kick,R wall star spawn into R punch J GP;
backup: UR corner J kick L\#

Backup failed grab, corner CR max, L 1J3UR getup, wait for cam, J L , U
normalize x3, then back into cave sideflip get star

**HMC: Xmas:** lock 2UR into 2LJ ,J getup into R/DR ,URbuffer,CUP,
lockcam,b,

If failed wallkick: just R DR into door, L door

Jump: 1A,2A,3.5A,5WK,on 11 start DL13UL dive into switch

Backup:

If no hit: swim Jdive into U wall, release lock into UL/UR for straight
angle into switch backup

**HMC Toxic:** same as nessy, with U after bugjump, J kick ULU till wall
shuffle PB punch, DJ wallkick up into U/UL door

Lock in door, hold U bonk dmg into UL 2LJ into U hold UL tap into door

CR, CD 2xpunch, LJU, 3whoosh DJ getup U door,

CRx2, into 3 LJ last two.5 neutral, wait for stop into CR,1R LJ into
star

Oldbuffer UR 2-3steps into LJ UR/U

**SSL Talon:**

Do pyra start CRmax CL punch box, UL buffer, on 7FJ, 8U,8.5 LJx2 last
one R hold, wait, J U UR neutral into Zbuffer U 6neutral 7 J GP for
talon, J GP on first talon swing,

GP for talon

END: CR 7beats A UR

**SSL-HMC:**

Same as LLL + CL into LJ UR walk a bit LJ UR

**BBH Library**

2LJ into door

BF,punch, buffer R into L WK second floor, U into UR into door

CUP lockcam, cancel, DJ kick over gap, L till wall into punch J L into
star

**BBH GhostHunt**  
2LJ R tap into door

3R kick buffer U into door

U till wall into UL till wall 3 whoosh sounds into punch

bufferDLLJ (neutral) into door

Couchkick, 2D 3kick 4R 5LJ L UL door

2L buffer kick, on 4 UL door

Kicks until kill into UR

L kick into DL into door

DL LJ into R tap GP for 2kills into R into UR LJ into door

2buffered R kicks into neutral into Utap Dtap (bit more) GP alternates

BF into star

**CCM BigPenguin:  
**Enter pipe: R hold kick J U into corner, CD CL mash till max

Buffer UR till talkp

2A into R cancel on beat, 6.5 Z buffer UR 9LJ, 17+18R, UR into 23U

Accept into 19beats L into 2GP , neutral getup into L till wall U till
wall UL corner

New: 19 beatsL into GP ,neutral till 32GP 38GP JR start (if still no
coins jump R into GP till coin line )then U till goal wall

L till wall, UL hold till corner, UL Jkick, 2BF 2punch wait for dialog

**CCM HEAD:** CR,J wall, L UL into corner, CL punch, J grab, CR CL ,
getup buffered L into talk, just hold up till wall (race end), then UR
buffer/or instant U on walk for talk, U wall punch BF into star

**BBH Boss:**

UR till wall into Rwhoosh into punch into DL buffered WK

UR until stairs into UL J 4x

DRbufferkick, R till corner, D into A into DL -\> UR sideflip WK into
U/UL door

DR notch LJ into UR A door

GP, into U till corner into 2GP hits, UJ buffer neutral, BF R,

Zbuffer U pp3LJ,4UL,5L,6DL,7.5J,10.5JGP, (if not then tiny bit up)

**BBH reenter**: 1L 2UL 3LJ 4U, 5LJ mash 6neutral into GPs, D into cage

BBH enter: CDL mash, Zbuffer UR LJx2, into U till grass, GPs into D cage

**BBH MerryGo:** redo ghosthunt beginning, then Rtap , DJ DL on beat, on
4 L 6 kick into U

CUP into mario cam, Zbuffered 15 beats U into J bonk, lakitu into U tap
GP mash till boss, after 2nd hit J R GP for last and stargrab // listen
for fire, you dont want to get burned

**BOB island**: CL into CD into 5 LJ bonk jkick till cap, Utap into
mario cam triplejump flight cancel into U 3 LJ into lakitu on 4th into
cannon

All the way down into shoot U 5 beats GP, CRx2 into 3.5beats J GP

Old:

R hold till music cue, UR buffer into cannon, open cannon, then U into
GP (music cue) into cannon

UL during flight, get hit , 1U,4LJ 5CR U into cannon

U all way, ESS D tiniest bit, CRx2 into R + D taps J GPs till star

**BOB Wings:** same as island into CRx3 max, UR buffer into cannon

All the way down, 9 beats ESS D (lowest possible input) into shoot U and
neutral into U timed with 4th coin sound

NEW: D tap strat 1 beat

NEW: beatcount on shot: 5neutral 6tU

Ending: 4U, on 4 1 U neutral

**BOB Boss:**

Mario cam, hold U until music cue, J, 3LJ ULtap, 4th LJ into 2kicksU
4kicksUR 2U kicks J dive, 2 LJ U

U into 2 LJ (might bonk) , third LJ U, wall into J kick UR 1-3 times
then again U into LJ UL mash for warp,

After warp: on3 U for sideflip getup, talk to boss

Get thrown, CL, BF on 7+9, 14 steps into BF U hold punch grab, U throw,
into D tap

6 steps into punch D, rethrow

CR throw, buffered LJ U UR

**BOB Koopa:**

CRx2, hold R buffered, talk with koopa

CL mash into LJ D tap punches till talk, open cannon

CR into 4LJ U into two kick,

into 6 kicks UR with beat, then 2 U kick J dive into 2 LJ U

U into 2 LJ (might bonk) , third LJ U, wall into J kick UR 1-3 times
then again U into LJ UL mash for warp,

4sideflip into 2 LJ U into pole , all the way up into neutral jump into
BF, BF GP cancel into J right tap

//after wingcap:

**LLL Log:** CRx2 lockcam, 2ULJ, 6.5 sideflip back GP, triplejump flight
till 15 into GP,up wall into U 5 beats, CL Utap triplejump flight into 7
D ESS into 11 beats GP, DR hold if burned into CL UL star or CL into
kick star

**LLL Boss:** 2 LJ, 12.5LJ, 16Jdive 17 UR neutral, 25 CR mash into CL,
PB LJ U into 3 bounces into fullJ GPp

CR + CL into U 3 timed jumps on platforms into kick star

**LLL REDS:**

CL, L buffer, 2 LJ, 6.5UL, 12.5LJ, 14U,15CL,18CR, 19 stop ,

2xCL, U J kick , R sidekick mash A, U UR J kick, L slidekick UL mash
into star

**LLL upper vulcano:**

**New entrance normal: 5LJ15.5LJ17UR19J20dive21U 22pprollout**

New entrance: mario cam start, U LJ neutral UL, U LJ wall lakitu cam, U
getup, U LJ, mid neutral into neutral LJ into mid U LJ into UL LJ or if
grab slow getup into UR LJ

D buffer 6LJ, 7 mario cam, 8 U, 13 CD CL mash, J getup into triple jump
J mash UL till corner, lakitu into L tap J kick into D ESS getup CL, UR
buffer1-2 LJ with 1 step x3, UR J kick into corner, Jtap getup,CR lock
cam into 3beats R LJx2 second U into pole, neutral J dive into pole,
change to mario cam into U CD CL Jdive UR into corner J kick into star

Newstrat: Zbuffer UR 4J5neutral, UR J neutral into LJ U UL tap getup

**PSS Slide Endings:**

PSS slide: at 5th beat UL kick, 11U,13 UL,

corner into CL punch,

For box: R buffer 3.5 J mash J DJ GP

For star: DR crouchbuffer LJ, neutral LJ\#

If no coin: UR J after cutscene

NEW: try J tap after finish

Box: U into bonk,buffer U wall into UL 11-12 whoosh, DJ kick D GP GP

NEWNEW: 11+12 UL, then only U till end 14 CD, during cutscene UL till
corner U do backups

**WF -\> PSS :** DR buffer (DONT EXIT), LJ hold into U/UR wall J kick
over fence U into door

UR hold wall J kick into R L sideflip

**BOB-CCM:** DR LJ into UR hold door, R wall J tap into dor

**BOB-DW:** DR LJ into IUR hold door, UR wall, DL buffer sideflip R UR U

**CCM Reds:**

CR, U LJ tree, up coin CLCR, Utap mariocam, J 3U,10D, 12GP, lakitu cam,
J kick R into UR

Grab coin, CL, U into punch, buffer, 1R, 2LJ,4UR,6dive , 14R on slide
off into fence U into GP coin,

CR max into R UR corner, CL+J+U on 4th beat J again , wall CL into U
hold till slide into UL tap, grab tree, go up6 sounds into UR 3rd beat
dive, 3 LJ U into UR, hold up till run, CRx2, J kick R then ESS till
coin, CL, 2BF, 2BFU Zbuffer U 4.5beats LJ 6UL 9 dive 10 neutral
11DLtapp, 10 rollout, if not dive then CR into U till grab into getup DL
coin, CL max into 5U, CR punch D till teleport, CL, U 4th beat dive, 10
rollout, U wall, CR max, D LJ into neutral bonk on bridge, D hold till
red coin buffer, punch CL,,Z buffer 3.5LJ R into 4.5UR, land (7) few
steps into J dive for star

//if penguin after tree: CR max CL , CR max U UL LJ into tree CL max CR
CL UR J 3 dive, LJ U LJ UR into 2 beats UR continue

Tree corner backup: CRmax, punch DL LJ D into tree

**WDW vanish:** highwater

CL, ULJ UR, mario cam, 4swims D J getup, J L, Uwall, BF, lakitu CR, Dess
into getup, U 21 swims, go neutral, 4.5UL, into 3 Uswims, 3D,2neutral,
4pUR, into 5U (corner), 6beat turnaround R, 12 swims till water gone,
then U till wall UL tap for confirmation, punch, J R GP for cap, UL U
into unref TJ WK neutral ledgegrab getup mario cam, J kick DJ U kick DJ
kick U till wall, FJ U till fall into dive, CLx2 into unref wall, lakitu
, TJ UR WK U UL x UL J into star // OLD STRAT, new strat: vanish GP into
CD lock cam , Zbuffer D 3LJ 5UR 14U UR corner unref wallkicks into star

**WDW Shocking: 16.20**

CRx2, U LJx2 UL tap 1 beat, warp, buffer DR during warp, 7 steps into
GP, 1R J GP star

**WDW Elevator:**

U, kick DJ dive CL Rtap GP, TJR into U on land, 3U,2UL,0.5U,UL till wall
mash CR max U till wall, neutral, CR,land neutral,, punch till switch CL
x2, BF BF UL , Jx3 UR, DJ grab getup, CR, 3.5 beats D, ESS till getup,
DESS into doublepunch trollout, U hold till L into wall into 4UL
wallsounds, PB kick into pausebuffer R sideflip L into elevator, UL
normalize, R hold D into star

**WDW top of town:**

**Mid water:** CR into R LJ neutral bounce R, CL max CR CL, 2U 1UL1UUL
till wall, CR mash into U wall, neutral, L into LJ hold into punches for
switch, 2xCL into BF BFUR, 3UR J into DJ D getup, Dtap into neutral
Jkick on DJ D triplejump dive into neutral on land, R buffer during
getup into getup buffer A R kick neutral J GP for box, if not then try
up or D ESS getup into U J GP

//if missed bounce: Just R LJ into swim till land, 4U into full UL wall

If bonk: U wall BF, R ESS till switch into BF , 2xBF UR

**WDW midwater: just BF**

**WDW low water: U wall J neutral into U**

**SL Head: 2nd beat, 3.5LJ,1 CL neutral,2 neutral 3,4,5 CL 6LJ , 9J
9.5pdive**timed getting up to fence,U J getup upper, cr buffer, U crouch
into CR, kick DJ into U mashed TJ into late GP, normalize UR corner,
punch, R punch, cup for cam, timed double WK U D L, neutral, UR U UR
corner normalize,R J Rwall into UR getup normalize ledge, DJ getup hold
R into slidekick star

**SL maze:** 2CR 2nd beat+ end of fast notes, timed TJ UR on fast note
into J dive D hold (TODO practice)

Backup: UL till no wall into UR 13 wallsounds J getup, 2.5U sideflip D,
UR wall into J kick R for star

**SL Bully:** second note CL, 3LJs into 2nd beat slidekick, 2nd beat
rollout ,U into hit into UR (musclememory), after a while DL hold, if
burned during cutscence continue UL till second land into U ESS till
grab

, if not mario cam CD into J U J R test , if not go U ledgegrab and
continue

If ledgegrab: mario CUP CD into U kick DJ GP setup

Neutral after 2 bounce into U ledgegrab: mario CUP CD into kick DJ U GB
before land into J Lx2

**SL Lake:** 3beatcounted LJ into J U -\>UR, DJ U, mashed TJ U, land
kick U till slide, A tap on slide into run a bit into J dive lock cam, D
slide into J R taps GP box

**SL Igloo: (same as head till normalize ) 2nd beat, 3.5LJ,1 CL
neutral,2 neutral 3,4,5 CL 6LJ , 9J 10dive**timed getting up to fence,U
J getup upper, cr buffer, U crouch into CR, kick DJ into U mashed TJ
into late GP, normalize UR corner, punch Zbuffer DL into run 5 beats
crouch igloo entrance

Igloo:mario CUP cancel lock,Zbuffer U 4.5 dive UR rollout till wall
sound into 2-3J into U DJs till getup, normalize UR in corner, neutralJ
into BF D, J D GP for cap, Zbuffer 1L6.5D,8dive,9rollout, 11J 11.5dive
into star

**VanishCap Reds:** 2A (on second count beats) hold D on 3.5,4,5 CR,9.5
neutral, CL, 13 Zbuffer L into double falldown dmg (coin) 21.5,L
normalize,D hold getup, Dtap into kickbuffer D DJ mashTJ,

NewStrat: D hold on 4 R, on 9D, 18.5 stop 3rd coin, D ESS into R getup

During fall U till dmg, DR kick buffer into R DJ (getup), either TJ dive
R till wall punch normalize U, or try to dodge the fire at least,  
Music timed:

Early cycle:

on new cycle Z R 5LJ, 11.5J, 15.5J,17neutral getup neutral into fall,
neutral on 16.5 neutral into getup, neutral till rolldown, wait for long
note +1 beat into J R (getup), wait for music cue 1R 1J R A into button,
CRx2 into R red, UR U wall into DJ ULtap wallkick into R star

**VanishReenter after death:** 5swims,  
If land, then U Jtap getup,

If instant getup: Zbuffer 1U5UL into grab ledge Z get in

**THI plant:** mario CDR on intro, UR bufferkick into U LJ ,timed LJ U
-\>UL into UL hold tiny J pipe ,

CDLx2, kick 3 beats, 4 neutral 5 L 6rollkick, bonk UR buffer 2 kick into
slidekick, ZbufferD 3slidekick 5rollout, 2DL into 1D 1.5slidepkick
neutral rollout up, L DL rollkick, DR fence normalization corner into D
punch BF L into star

12UR slidekick, 15 neutral 16 rollout, Zbuffer D 3slidekick 4neutral,
Zbuffer 4L into D 5slidekick into 6neutral, 8 rollout

**THI top:** mario CDR on intro, UR bufferkick into U LJ timed sideflip
D into R for clip, U hold till secret, U J dive hold till walk into UR
pipe J enter

CDR into kick mash DJ mash TJ dive mash till rollout D into delayed U
sideflip till wall CL UL getup, CL, 1,2DJ UL into grab, 5.5CL UL till
getup, mario cam wait 4 beats, U till 5th coin into neutral LJ, U getup
into lakitu mash CR max, U tap ESS into D BF, DL BFx2, 4xD BF Gp into
starbox

**upstairs-\>WDW:** from door: slidekick rollout UR into painting

**WDW-\>SL:** R LJx2 into U neutral door, 9 steps U into UL LJ into UL J
painting

WDW-\> THI: DL buffer 2LJ into U hold UL into door

THI-\> TTM: D buffer LJ U into doorF

2UR kick buffer into UL 5 wall A for toad

J GP for star

UR buffer till wall, UL tap U into 5wall sounds J into TTM

TTM-\>SL: DR 2xLJ into U on 2nd start (R if not yet)

SL-\> tippy: 2kick U wall, J CR into U hold till door

UL buffer till wall, neutral DJ UL, 2 UL J into U bowser door BLJ

TTM reenter: L wall into U J

**reset-\>SL: Ur from door till door close into LJ U UR for SL door**

**SL-\>TTM: buffer D into no save LJ into U UR till wall into U UL to
door**

from door: CR+U into 2 LJ U

**reset-\> TTM: UR buffer 2 kicks till 10 wall sounds into J kick, CUP,
D LJ into TTM**

**TTM reenter: L LJ into U hold**

**TTM Reds:** same timing as box till 1st LJ, on audio cue lakitu cam
into next audio cue LJ U wall into UR 1.5beats LJ neutral into U wall
sounds getup

2CL max, BF UR BF at half DR neutral coin, CR,CL, 1U2LJ,3UL,4U,5neutral,
U J UR neutral, R J UR neutral

1UR2LJ U wall/or direct, U /(LJ) next wall, CLx2, normal climb, 4BF at
end, CR, 1 R 2 L,3DL sideflip land L U into normalized corner, CL max,
punch, hold R, after star 2 beats R 1 DR into star

**TTM-\>THI:** buffer UR kick into UR hold till wall, R tap punch for
toad, get star, hold U CR into door

From door: U kick LJ into UL hold L LJ into painting

**reset-\>THI: UL buffer 2 kicks UL hold till door**

**THI-\> tippy:** D LJ neutral into door,

**TODO other side castle movement**

**RR Reds:** CRx3 U LJ UR on sound cue grab pole, CL x3, on audio cue
jump count beats:

1J,5J,7UL, 9J, 12.5L getup, 2punch into kick L DJ L TJ into neutral into
L wallkick (practice) L getup, for first coin ,punch, DJ L wallkick
getup / or sideflip neutral wiggle, L ESS getup, DJ R wallkick instant
dive L mash GP, R wall normalize, 1L2J4DJ DL tap, kick wall R into
neutral coin, hold R till flame into U wall, PB kick on no fire, 1BF3U
getup, if not UR into star corner and back it up

//backup beginning: sideflip wallkick getup, kick L DJ,BF kick DJ L
getup, BF R hold grab, letdown coin

**RR Triangle**: CRx3 U LJ UR on sound cue grab pole, CL x2, on audio
cue jump, CL, 5beats U into J 3 GP, CRx4, U LJx2 second UR tap holdA,
getup, 2kicks UL into kick L till 5th coin into timed DJ, hold L till
after switch bonk, J R getup 3x BF L into J kick DJ R dive, J dive star

Backup , R ESS into 2BF L hold for reswitch bonk

**RR Swing:** CRx3 U LJ UR on sound cue grab pole, CL x2, on audio cue
jump, CL, 5beats U into J 3 GP, CRx4, U LJx2 second UR tap slow getup R,
J R LJ DR into getup, Dtap into kick mashed TJ D land neutral, CLx2,
wait for audio cue into U LJ after 5 coins into J , J dive star

MUSIC CUE: on new (1before) cycle U 1U3LJ9J12Jdive

Buffered: Z 1U5LJ10.5J,14J

Early cycle: 1 before new melody

**RR Ship:** CRx3 U LJ pp on sound cue grab pole, CL x3, on audio cue
jump count beats:

1J,5J 9LJ, 13LJ, 18stop instant, (17.75), R J, wait till landing sound
into 4 R J ,( 10punch) 19 beats after coin till wall into tiny J getup,
L wall, UL normalize getup, 1J tap 3LJ DL getup box, PB D LJ into
polegrab, 2CL 14 getup, U Jdive polegrab 9 getup+ 3CR, neutral fullJ,
CL, kickbuffer DJ L getup, ESS U getup, PB sideflip UL (2.5D,1U1ULA)
getup, on L5.5U recount 2LJ 4 neutral4.5J GP backup: R/DR into ship
interior, UL normalize into punch L J DL J into star

DoubleLJ: Zbuffer L 7U 8LJ mash

**RR reenter:** 2BF ; from death: CUP U (infinite) J GP

**RR -\> Sky:** CR U LJ 2UJ UL tap door

**TTC death:**CUP cancel U DJ getup, on long note U hold

**TTC reenter:** 3BF, last one after slow getup animation

**TTC stats:** 32 seconds TJ red route, first try wallkick

**45 seconds no TJ route if well routed?**

**TTC-\> RR+Toad:** UR buffer LJ UL into U 5 sounds into B toad, J GP
for star, U J into 5UR sounds DJ getup, 1Zbuffer UR 3LJ getup, mario cam
U into J GP , if wall J kick into J R search

**TTC pendulum:** CL, UR LJ U UL wall getup, CR U punch, DJ kick R L
alternates till top ( 6, 3 coins), L3J UL U corner, CRmax, 1UJ 2UL 5J,
UL wall, L wall, Jtap getup, 2punch, U wall, J neutral wall, Jtap
getup,Cl max Zbuffer D 4LJ 5L tap getup CL,L J, L corner, DJ getup,
punchCR, PB sideflip 2,3,4,5getup, U wall, CRmax, PB UL LJx2 into star

**TTC cage1:** CL, UR LJ U UL wall getup, CR U punch, DJ kick R L
alternates till top ( 6, 3 coins), L3J UL U corner, CRmax, 1UJ 2UL 5J,
UL wall, L wall, Jtap getup, 2punch, U wall, J neutral wall, Jtap
getup,Cl max Zbuffer D 4LJ 5L tap L getup, DL hold LJ into U LJ mash
wallkick into star;

Backup in cage: L UL corner Jkick 2BF

**TTC hand:**CL, UR LJ U UL wall getup, CR U punch, DJ kick R L
alternates till top ( 6, 3 coins), L3J UL U corner, CRmax, 1UJ 2UL 5J,
UL wall, L wall, Jtap getup, 2punch,CL max, ZbufferD 5LJ 6L J kick into
star

**TTC cage2:** CL, UR LJ U UL wall getup, CR U punch, DJ kick R L
alternates till top ( 6, 3 coins), 3L Rsideflip into 2 R UR wall U into
getup, BF Utap PB Abuffer kick, CL CR,, TJ route getup

1UR,2R,3Lsideflip 6J pole grab, CLx2, neutral J bonk DJ UR getup (Dj UR
if not instantly)

ZbufferR 4Lsideflip ,5J,6wallkick

If getup: Zbuffer R 4LJ 4.5U

If no getup: hold R till getup, UR LJ into U corner

CR,U build speed 3beats into wallkick doubleA, getup, J L getup, L J D
LJ into star

**TTC Top**: \*1:40 if perfect CL, UR LJ U UL wall getup, CR U punch, DJ
kick R L alternates till top ( 6, 3 coins),

**TTC Reds:** same beginning till CR, BF R x2, (2coins), CR 1L3J4U, UR
normalize, repeat x3,

1L5UL7U getup, 3xBF third DL into star

**THI Secrets:** same beginning till secret into mario D UR corner PB
neutral kick, CD mash Zbuffer 1D6.5neutral lakitu CL, Zbuffer R
3LJmashx2 on second LJ neutral (4.5) wait till flame extinguishes, then
hold A (eventually J for goomba dodge), into PB2.5UR,PB1DL,2.5LJ 4UL ,
UL till corner, J kick R on slide neutral jump U UR normalizer (getup
first),CR,1-2PB L R sideflip, 3.5J 4neutral, ESS D normalize mario cam
D, tiny J Ltap, into kickbuffer DJ U 1 kick on 4 till secret into
neutral, CUP mash cancel into zbuffer U4.5 (late)J, 7UL grab star
(backup: on 8 neutral, U ESS into getup, CUP CD mash, kick DJ U into GP
end, somewhere there

**BBH Eye: 50\~** left door entrance, PB DR sideflip UL wallkick DL
normalize DR corner into punch Utap J Ltap GP for cap, U kick buffer
into UL LJ, DR for door //need to be fast

Rkickbuffer DR corner, D , PB sideflip DL URwallkick into U/ UR

D kick buffer LJ wall(6beats), L,U LJ into DL till wall, UL corner,
punch GP for ghost, 1R2J2.5GP,2punch wait for eye into (on3) 3UR
1pause-2ULpause 1-2DL 1-2D 1-2R U dive rollout till wall R kick wall, U
J kick D into star

**BBH Reds:** right side door, enter right room same as ghost hunt, UL
buffer in transition getup for coin, 2BF DL into U hold for door,

Zbuffer 1DL 4LJ 5L door,

2bufferkick D into DR hold till coin/dmg, DL LJ into U /UR door

U wall DJ L tap getup U hold till land, L till wall into DJ kick U hold
for coin+door

R hold DJ D getup for stair, U J UR, U J UL till door

Zbuffer 1DL 3LJ 4D 5neutral, wait 1-2 beats, R J into UR till wall/door
R door

2kickbufferR continue count into 4UR door

Zbuffer 1L5LJ

If bonk +coin: D into wall R DR till coin wall

If bonk+no coin : U ESS till open into R coind D wall R

If no bonk: UR wall, D J DL coin R DR till coin wall

D till free into R UR Rdoor find

Rbufferkick into DR LJ UL door

UL wall U punch spawn, R UR door

Dbufferkick, LJx2 mash into neutral at end, D fence punch into UR J for
star

**DDD Cap: 1:30:** same beginning as sub till corner, DJ UL tap getup
kick U corner, PB punch BF, CD into Zbuffer DL 2.5J 3GP, 6LJ 8neutral,
hold A 2 swims into 3 perfect swims into 9U, on 12L into star

**HMC-\>Vanish:** U wall into CR mash till wall, UL into door

U into water, 9 swims into hold till land, Zbuffer
1U4LJ5neutral,(getup), R J GP , into mario cam punch, kickUbufferDJ U
into 4GP, lakitu into L UL for door

CDL mash x2, 4CR, U 4LJ into dive UR mash

**reset-\> TTC:** at star door, mario cam punch into U LJ wall DJ getup
wait for sound cue into U hold, BLJ setup into U CR a few times till
door, mario cam punch into U LJ DJ getup wait for music cue U or just
die into reset timer

**Reset -\> RR: after door:** UR buffer LJ into U wall till corner, DJ
Ltap for getup, BF R x2 into U J kick walls till find

**MIPS2 (SSL MIPS):** normal LLL backup into L UL U till corner ,mario
cam punch CUP cancel, CL, CD mash into Zbuffer 1D, 6dive,7DR grab ; DR
LJ into SSL

**MIPS2-\> LLL:** U LJ into wiggles old LLL entry J UR U LJ

# Notes

  - > PB after reaching corners for safe corner positions

<!-- end list -->

  - > Start Game with a reset and clear gamefiles

  - > I highly suggest to read strat documents next to an actual run
    > executed, since it gives a better idea of what is meant in the
    > document

  - > Huge shoutouts to zserf and katun24, nobori for helping with these
    > strats and giving ideas/motivation to realise this run

  - > Also huge shoutouts to the Blindfolded Brotherhood in general,
    > love you guys
