**This document is supposed to be used in accordance with the
Blindfolded Super Mario 64 - 16 Star Tutorial Series by Bubzia:**

# Abbreviations

**Stagenames:**

BOB = Bob-omb Battlefield

WF = Whomp´s Fortress

CCM = Cool, Cool Mountain

PSS = The Princess´s Secret Slide

BitDW = Bowser in the Dark World

SSL = Shifting Sand Land

HMC = Hazy Maze Cave

BBH = Big Boo´s Haunt

DDD = Dire, Dire Docks

BitFS = Bowser in the Fire Sea

BitS = Bowser in the Sky

**Inputs/Movement:**

TB = TextBox

U,D,L,R = Analog Stick Directions (up,down,left,right and corresponding
combinations UR = upright etc.)

C + Direction = camera c-button direction

FJ = FullJump (A Pressed as long as possible)

DJ = DoubleJump

TJ = TripleJump

SF = SideFlip

BF = BackFlip

WK = WallKick

LG = LedgeGrab

Pswim = Perfect swim

PB = PauseBuffer

MC = MusicCue

Number x + s = x seconds

**Start - BoB:**

Lakitu skip;

U hold text into LJ 3UR 1 neutral 1 up,

3x mash, U into UR tap 2 steps into 4 LJ, lakitu text mash into U find
the door

D hold till wall, U 2LJ into UR door

2LJs into painting

Backup: reset into BOB: UL into U UR,

**BoB**: timed CD into CL 2LJ,2xdiverollout, LJ U till fence into 2beats
CL, 2beats CL LJ, 5beatCL, lakitu stop cam, in corner, CR,punch 3punch
lock cam, at 5 beats after bark L 11J,12GP mash, 2CL into L 2UL LJ
mashed for wallkick star

**BOB-WF: save quit UR buffer 2nd note LJ into door**

**Cannonless**: LJ to tree, CL,J,3.5J, 6LJ,,7UL,7.5LJ,10J dive rollout L
J DJ mash into U wall till grab getup, CL, 2 punch into ESS up DJ kick
ESS D grab getup , backflip CL punch, ESS D grab getup x2, with second D
hold for cannonless

**Blue**: U LJ to tree, 4U J, count: 1 3CR, 4LJ, 5UL,6LJ,9.5U,10dive UR,
U rollout dive, (2 dive rollouts) into UL till fence, buffer A into kick
punch; wallkick: on feel

**Boss**: LJ to tree, CR,J,3.5J,5LJ, 7LJ mash, 11 neutral, 13 UR wall
neutral,

UR buffer during cutscene LJ pole, CR, 25-30crawl into Jdive
2stomps,9-10stomps,JR,JUR/JU,3-4stomps

**Tower**: LJ to tree, CR,J,3.5J,5LJ, 7LJ mash, 11 neutral, 13 UR wall
neutral,

UR buffer during cutscene LJ pole, CR, 25-30crawl into Jdive

bonk,CL,Utill wall into J grab,either L punch DJ wallkick or 1,2,3
rhythm,

Wait a tiny bit, lock cam, jump on top into U hold J D into star

**Owl:** LJ to tree,2CL,2ndflap neutral J,R buffer J hold on 2nd flap,
,2neutral flaps ,2R flaps ,12 letgo GP buffer A for kicks

**WF - CCM: savequit**

**CCM Penguin:** CL, J to tree, CR, 5up, timed jumps dive into penguin
(1J,3.5Jdive,5neutral), count: 1R 7U till 17,J,4R,J, (15GP)walk down
till penguin,

Test with D/DR alternates DJ kick x2 for star else:

Ukick, UL kick , U CR mashv till wall,DL till after crawls into LJ for
star

Ending: DL J kick LJ

New penguin: 5R mario, 6,7,neutral, then U , 10 neutral lakitu, 12 UR
16U

**(not in route)CCM Slide:** CR,U LJ tree, CL, coin sound into J dive U
enter

CUP, b mash,6U into DR, on 15 U, (17U,7UR,2UL,U)hold up till wall into J
kick, ULbuffer into L door

CRmash into UL LJ star

**CCM Wallkicks:** Lhold, timed jump all the way down, from corner

J, 5 BF, CL mash into wallkick (2R,L,4A)neutral after wallkick, getup,
CR,lock, R on 3 LJ

**CCM - DW:** R buffer save, till wall, U into J kick J dive rollout,
door

UL Jkick over fence, sideflip to bowser 1

**DW**: A, 3LJ,6LJ,9J,11.5DJ. 15LJ,19 punch, 21BF, 28BF, (backup
23BF,31BF) JLtap, buffer3.5UL LJ into bridge U

CL,J dive rollout,

2nd crystal: CR,timed 1CR,5LJ, CL

Pausebuffer 2U into 2LJ mash getupCR, U till wall listen for goomba

UJ,4J,4.5J,4.5J getup

CRx2, U,3CLx2,4J, 4 x getup LJ into pipe

Bowser1: CL,7Lbuffer into wait for 3rd step into 1-4 tail dragging on
2nd bounce hold R

NEW:

BITDW: 26L hold, 29 UL 30 J 31 dive, U J dive, 29

4LJ L, into 2 LJ UL

3CR,4CL5CL 6LJ

Throw bowser at whoosh audio que for speed

**DW-HMC:s**avequit, LJ UR at the end, UR hold fall dive rollout
,basement star door, U wall, CL into instant J run a bit into LJ
wallkick mash dive rollout UR into door

2URsteps LJ, UL dive rollout U,UR tap for corner

7water steps into LJ

All of HMC: CD,CRx2, LJ, lock LJ 360 LJ U into door in the beginning

**HMC Nessy:** lock 2UR into 2LJ ,J getup into R/DR , CL, 4U,
1J,2B,neutral, 4U,3CL,3UL,1dive

**HMC Amazing:** CUP, 4R, lock, b, U till wall UR into DJ GP for kill,
BF, 2puch, BF, Utap, timed DJ wallkick timed U L LJ into 3 punches JGP
for star

**HMC Rolling:** lock 6 LJ ( 1 after coins, to R tap on 4-5), R LJ UR,
till corner, punch, 1R,2L,3J,4J, dive rollout into star //learn timing

Backup if entered door: just L, door R UR corner

**SSL pyra:**

3-4steps R buffer into buffer UL,buffer neutral into BF, CR punches till
box, on box first two jump L into neutral, 2 J L CR into 8U LJ 10 A dive
star

NEW: CRx2 punches till box, on box first three jump L into 4th U, mash
dive into U UR LJ U LJ J dive

**HMC to SSL:** UR buffer in door till wall, UL LJ U LJ 3stepsUL J dive
rollout into SSL

**SSL to LLL:** A D LJ into U switch U till wall into J UR into LJ into
LLL

**LLLVulcano:** count bully steps:, 1A2LJ,12.5LJ, 14UR, 17Jdive 17.5U
into vulcano

R9neutral,23.5U,24J (24-25),CRx2,6U,neutral4,3U,Utap, RJ. CL8JdiveUL,
change to mario cam at the end

**MIPS from LLL:** mario cam, 7punches,5.5U,1.5UR,0.5U double dive into
mips, else backup

3U,1UR,1J,1U, mario cam, CDx2,4punchgrab, CR, 3steps U into mips door,
lakitu, D J,9D, 4U,2UR,1U,J,16U,J, CR, 3J L , 2U, 4grabcombo,
pausebuffer UL into Z for clip

If grab fail: rollout into U wall, R wall, U wall ( if sound bug: bit UL
? TODO) punch BF punch buffered sideflip dive grab, 7CL,1CR, 4UJ6J,CL
into combo

**DDD:** UL+A buffer till sound cue (start of 2nd); 2neutral,
6U,8neutral,9-10D, top of water

6neutral, 7U till shell

From shell:12 neutral, 3-6D top of water,5ESSD swims into jump out,

U wall into CR mash till wall, UR buffer corner,mario,punch,5BF,punch,R
UL buffer wall,CD,punch

7BF on 6th with D (2BF), 1L LJx2 UL

If missed out of water jump: 2-3R into jump out for too far left, 2x DJ
kick over fences into CR mash

**DDD-FS: hold U during save screen**

**Firesea:** 1-4,1-4,1,6.5, 23.5,25UR,28UL,30R,33D,35A, U,44U,46J,
restart at 50

13LJ,28LJ, 34U,35A,3637.5D,38A,

On riding: on 3rd high note/ or ½ long note: 4D,3L,2UL,6UwallULwall,
4.5,2.5,3LJ,

On grab: triple jump dive into window or grab pole into mash tests, L
wall into up wallkick hold up into U LJ Rtaps after 3 fall sounds into J
dive for entry

**Bowser2:** CL, wait for hit, 3 punches, on second step punch grab into
combo on 2nd bounce hold R

//2 textboxes: 8J,10GP for no dmg, 2-3 step

Throw bowser for speed

**BLJ:** 2backflip into UL tap , reexit, mario cam wait a bit ULJ into
door

U wall into UL hold till door

Buffer 2 URkicks into R wall, pausebuffer into 3.5D BLJ

Fail: mario cam 10punches CUP,B,punches into 14U till wall, lakitu
2backflip L into DL, just R back into door

Success: clock sound, release BLJ into U/UR till corner

Punch 2BF,Rwall ,JR,4JUR,U, into stardoor

Mario cam punch, U LJ till sound, lakitu CD, BLJ,

Succes: UR,UL corner checks into BF R/L

Backup:

**Sky: CR twice for cool effect** timed jumps 1J 3J 5J dive, on box:
1,2LJ,16LJ,19DL 20J 22UR,23J, 25U 26J dive rollout mash U, make cycle,
on cycle: L J L J BF

L2.5J,7.5J 9neutral 11.5BF D tap,

4D LJ DRtap into kicks till dive (tiny bit UR to recenter), R till flame
into L LJ ,land x2 stop till grab

L into heart and cycled jumps,1 (less than 2)2LJ into neutral A mash
till pole, pole glitch getup 4CL red coin into J dive , land into UL LJ
U till wall, position for music cue: last of the 4 music cycles into
2.5nd beat BF; next one is 9 beats after reset TODO TEST for other cues
with emu savestates

BF R at 2

R at 8 till 10

BF L into neutral at 14

BF L into neutral at 21-22

4.5L pausebuffer,U into wall check for goomba

UJ into dive at some point up check UL for corner

**Bowser3:** 3TB, U hold till 5th (silent first) step, grab tail after
run into 4 U-\>L beats, D hold 3rd land sound, buffer R till 1.5 steps
of bowser, grab tail into Lbuffer till earthquake sound, Dbuffer till
2nd step, bufferDR dive for tail, L-\>U for 5 beats into 1 tail combo
Uwith 6 beats, spin and throw at right frame for win

J Dtap, R into talk, R tap into BF L for big star

GG
