**WC reds: 15 PB into 13 PB, 6 R tap (not minimal) , early 10 UL for new
strat with ESS adapter, 5L, 5R, 7 L, 6 neutral, 10GP**

**WC OMEGA: 3U, 6DL, 3DR, 1-2PB, 1-2D,1-2PB,4PB (coin sound)5UL into
L,3R,8GP2 CR**

**1U,4L,2R,9neutral**

**Katunstrat: 9.5, 1-2 U into 5L**

**SSL reds: 7.5U into 2.5 R into fly 5 D 25 GP 8.5 GP mash =\> CL max
2.5 punch for sign with D J tap, then CR max UL into 3 slidekick/ J
star**

**19.03.2022 first failed attempt**

**All of 90 star**

**Wc reds big practice**

**LLL reds big practice (check mistakes)**

**HMC 100 practice, switch,**

**All red coins**

**All 100 coins**

**HMC red global backup**

**HMC eyeball backup if not enough coins very end**

**Hendy LLL reds: so obviously beatcount bully footsteps: buffer and
keep holding up for this entire beginning - 1 Mario cam c down, 2 C
right 5 A for textbox 6 LJ, 15 Lakitu cam 17 LJ 17.25 c left 20 dive 21
rollout + go neutral**

**Big 120 memorization TODO:**

All the 100c stars

Slide stars

wdw elevator, top

rr castle

**BowserStageCycles:**

**DarkWorld Red5: 1:32.5 on second music repetition (instant second
repetition)**

**FireSea Lavaboost: 1:34 second music repetition; second cycle 1 before
new loop**

**FireSea platforms: 2:19.5 on 5 after new music cycle; 10 after new
music cycle, 21; 26 LJ**

**BITS Timings:** last cycle of 4, 2BF 13BF, 21BF : Time: 2:54

On start : 1BF, 12BF,20BF: 3:01

On first long note: 4BF,15,23 :3:08

Super new cycle: 1BF, 12BF,20BF : 3:25.5

New cycle cycle: 2.5BF,14BD 22BF : 3:40.4

**SL -\> upstairs castle movement: R hold wall, 5 steps LJ into R hold U
hold**

**WF Owl(ESS-Adapter):** 3neutral, 4.5R, 10GP

**JRB Reenter:** from exit course buffer R , LJ into U on landing for
door, kick into 2 LJ into painting

**New LLL tiny bullies beginning:** hendy strat into 26-7CL29 UL tap 30
PB land into J D tap into punch cancel LJ UR x2 for bully platform UR
slidekick R for one bully hiit maybe

First kill DL bully:

Land neutral into kick R into hit, D tap into J kick kill , L ESS CRmax
CL CR L ESS getup,

2nd Bully: CL max into Zbuffer U 4slidekick hit him into UR slidekick
kill,

3rd kill: CRmax into UL slidekick into hit / rollout, j kick for kill

**DDD 100 + reds:**

**NewDDD crazy ring strat/ beginning**: after initial 10 coins, go to
chest4 corner 5.5-6beats turnaround into chest4 normalization, DL PB
entry, 2slow swims, 5pswims, 7 slowswims, 10pswims (get 2 coins) , 5R
turnaround punch 3rd coin, instant 4R turnaround into 8 punch, 4.5
turnaround into normal crazy ring strat (with 5D 9DR16UR17U) if all
coins: continue with normal strat, else: resurface, 4.5L turn into
repeat, find corner with usual chest technique; (very important for
corner setup: lakitu up cam)

Backup if dont go down: CL max into DR buffer swim till land into CL R
tap jumpdives corner

**NEWNEWDDD crazy ring strat/ beginning:** after normalizing coin 8
punch, 4.5L into 5D 9neutral tap (super short) into at 3-5 coins, get
rest on the way back,

New angle changes:

TO further route: 4.5L into CL max U tap corner

TO backup corner: 4R into CR max U tap corner check

**ObsoleteBeginning:** all slow swims, (on second beat) 2.25UR neutral
into 8.5U hold till 5 coins, neutral 20R 24-30D (on coin) into second
row 2 coins, after 5th coin straight Up, 4.5beatsL, into 3 fast swims 10
slow swims , 4.5L(early), 1punch, 3R(early) into 7punches (coin after 1
and 5), 4-4.5L,

Neutral swim5D(tiny bit delayed, 5.25-5.5D) 8.5DR16 17U 18 s, after
coins just D into surface, neutral swim to surface, CDLmax into PB U,
into 6-9 Jdives wall, CDL again PB UR 1Jdives, PB U into 10-11Jdives,
normalize in corner with UL punchcancel Jkick

(if water no bonk: 4L into return

CDLmax into PB R into full Uhold6beats swims at10 URinto
12.25-12.5neutral (better more than not enough) into hold for 5 coins,
resurface, (full)4L into wall, CDLmax, PB U, \~6Jdives till bonk, CLmax
CR, D PB,

Full U6beats into 17U (coins backup) into U 10 swims into corner(corner
normalization),

**2Rings:**

4.25L(rather close to .5), 2punch, 4D, 6punches mashed (3coins),
4neutral, punch, wait until 2nd coin (3rd coin sound as it might be all)
into instant punch again with D hold, neutral into 4R into mash 4
punches into next ring, full D 4, 3 punches into (full)4R into punch,
wait for 4th coin into punch D tap into neutral,

//if double coins on entry: tiny bit too far right, but same strat
applies ( only 3 coins on descent)

Backup if too far right on second ring: after 4R no coins, 6R into 4D
max U 4punch

Gettingto2ndArea:

3.5-4L into neutral swims up swims till surface, do normal strat till
land,

Normalize in corner, go to VC, DJ getup UL tap into 3 punch for MC
corner, U UR wallhug PB (camera turn)

**MC:**

U into UR 5 sounds, PB neutral into punch, CD instant lock, J GP DR
buffer in water

10UR, 33.25U,(J L if miss) 36coin neutral J into D escape //can readjust
with jump L/R

6 neutral into resurface

CDLmax, U UL corner, DJ UR tap into getup U hold wall repeat, CDL,

Zbuffer U (diverollout) till wall, U till next wall(no run), UR a bit
into U into CDL till run

Run until next wall, into punch, PB R into mario cam 5punch into Zbuffer
U till wall (get 5 coins), PB on wall into punch

**WaterRing:**

FJ L x1.5 into punch sign, lakitu CD into wait a bit for pan,

Zbuffer L 6PB neutral, 33swims full U(6beats), into neutral (1coin)

3L, 2punch (2coin), 3.5(early) 2punch (1-2coin), 4R 2punch (1-2coin), 4R
at the last 2 punch into last coin

4L into resurface, get onto land, U till wall, 2nd U wall into UL around
corner then U till normalize corner into switch setup, then do reds:

REDS:

6BFs into 3punch into PB D U sideflip UL into getup (if no getup, down
ESS without break till getup), lakitu into CL, ZbufferU 4.5neutral, CR
Zbuffer 4 neutral, U ESS getup, punch

beatcount from 1J tap: CRx2, J on 21, 4 D CLx3, wait till red into U 9J
UR into grab, get both coins into 2CL UL tap U holdJ, resurface into 10
ESS D pswims into J up onto land, renormalize,

Succ Backup: 4slowswims DR into resurface

Backup count without red: 45 beats into J for pole RNG

//pole cycles resync after 3 cycles

//if backup/pole miss (â…“ chance): 4DR turn into swim into safety with D
ESS then J into land or 2 R turn still if in corner, then repeat process

go up with crouchbuffer CLx2 , lakitu CD J DR tap into switch into U
till wall into UR slidekick U into UR rollout U wall J tap into box into
getup , 2BFs (first full R) on boxes ( first R tap )

Mario cam U ESS into getup , lakitu into CLx3( be careful of pole setup)

2punch Zbuffer 4.5U into neutral U ESS, 7punches, J beatcount from 1
till pole, 6U into 4D 2coin , 9drop (after coin) into Zbuffer L 3LJ till
into wall

Renormalize with CDR into corner again; repeat climb onto platform 1
again

Lakitu on getup, Zbuffer 3.5U into U ESS getup, 7 punches, J beatcount
from 1 till pole, CLx2, U 11J, 4CR 21J, 4CR 30.5 neutral J neutral
landing, R ESS getup, CRx2, into 8punches,J U tap onto switch into J GP,
U hold till coin into neutral into J R kick, J D kick into J L kick x2
into U for last coin spawn star grab star

Last red:

Zbuffer 3.5D into D ESS getup, 2CL into Zbuffer 4.5U into U ESS getup, 5
punches J for pole beatcount: CL

16.5J into star spawn , U normalize into CR, PB kick CLx3, U wall PB
punch, PB U , 11 ESS U swims into J on land normalize again

Lakitu into CRx3, Zbuffer U 3LJ UR into star

Nwe sign strat 5 row: crouchbuffer CLx2, CD into Zbuffer D hold 5 coins
U hold till wall renormalize on sign

ry YOLO strat for at least 3 coins of SUCCRING,

THIS AFTER SUCCING: CL max grind for 5 horiz until punch no stand wall,
R pausebuffer into swim count into UR 2 or smt into 5coins

Then go to opposite of hole corner into CLmax CR D PB into normalize at
wall into L turn first ring R turn second ring into go second area

**LLL 100:**

**110 total in route + box + 2 bullx coins =\> def reset on blue**

Obsolete strats:

OldBully1: CLmax, Zbuffer U 5neutral,( New setup: CR into R hold getup
PB, mash getup into BF A hold CR x2, FJ kick L, L ESS getup, D ESS
getup, (IMPORTANT: go neutral on BF)

Old:CLmax R ESS getup into CL max U ESS getup , CLmax CR CL D ESS getup,
CLmax U ESS BF U into land neutral kick kill bully , kick DJ kick into
coin or not, D ESS getup 3 punch

Bully2: (New kill: full BF into kick D neutral, kick DJ kill)

Dtap GP cancel into BF GP cancel a tiny bit into delayed 10step J kick
neutral land for kill setup //TODO practice timing, if he hits you hold
U for safety, DJ kick for bully coin, D ESS

Renormalize: CRmax CL CR, U ESS getup, CRmax CL CR L ESS, 3U ESS getup,

OldBullies1Ring:CRmax CL CR, Zbuffer D 5neutral (on 3rd coin), Zbuffer R
4neutral (2nd coin), Zbuffer U 4 (2nd coin), Zbuffer L 3neutral (1coin),
U hold into getup

OldBigBullyPlatform: 3punch R turnaround, 3BF into 4 punches U ESS getup

OldVulcanoStart:Zbuffer R 4 J, 7U 2coins LJ or DJ kick into wall ( if
bonk coin then no normalization needed) else, CR max UR normalize, CL
max U hold

U into URs for speed, U J kick when lavashooter is gone, total of 4
coins till corner (last onebackup from corner: PBkickUR U corner)

//if lava hold U into UL hold

New: J R into U ESS getup,io cam

TODO:Punch BF sequence at bigBully

**Without TB: 5LJ 9.5UL, 15LJ, 16U 18CL 21CR**

Stratting: (pseudobeatcount WC)//backup no TB in beginning: wait a bit
into L

PuzzleFinish: do reds like usual until 4th red , then J R kick into
early stop coin grab into 4 punches from max, J R kick coin, J U URtap
kick coin, 3L UL into coin neutral during spawn

CRmax into 5.5L LJ 6.5UL 8neutral, CL max CR CL L hold for rest (3) (can
miss one early coin too, if no UL)

CRmax Zbuffer 4L LJ6neutral, Zbuffer U 4neutral, 2-6punches into coin,
CLmax CR CL into Zbuffer R 5neutral, punch for coin or U tap J, coin,
CRmax into Zbuffer D 4.5neutral (4neutral + 3-4punches), CLmax CRCL,
Zbuffer R into first bounce neutral PB, warp (J Dtap if no warp)

**FromWarp:**

UL into L kicks into aggro ( do around 5 then run around in circle for
kill attempt, if not repeat, after kill kick DJ kick for coin, warp back
//if no coin = reset

UR into J getup, CL max into Zbuffer L 4neutral L ESS getup, U ESS
getup, 3 punch, LESS getup, Zbuffer UR 3slidekick into 4R 5D , CLx2 on
burn into hole (backup: 23x19punch square)

**From WC warp:**

PB 2U PBneutral, J GP for cap, 4punch, into URbuffer TJflight beatcount:
29D 30 neutral33GP, J dive mash for rollout into R ESS getup

CRmax CL CR, FJ L kick into L ESS getup D ESS getup

**NewBullies:** from corner: CRmax CL CR, FJ R kick into BF D 3 GP kill
bully, FJ R kick into kick DJ kick kill FJ L , U ESS normalize, L ESS
getup, U ESS getupx3 (get into corner) //**TODO full U instead of U
ESS**

**NewBulliesRing:** Zbuffer D 5.5R 6.5U 7.5UL 8.5U (if repeat: BF into L
ESS repeat; 4BFs for first/lowest coin in case of improvised backup or
full U getup)

**Row of 5:**

2punch, FJ R kick, ESS R getup, ESS D getup, ESS R getup ESS D getup,
mario cam CD, ZbufferU 3LJ 4UR getup, lakitu into CRmax CL CR; Zbuffer U
4LJ 6neutral, continuep

CLmax lock, Zbuffer U 5LJ UR tap 6neutral, Zbuffer UR 3LJ into 5neutral,
FJ R, delock into CLmax CR, R hold getup, BF CRx2, FJ R kick, R ESS D
ESS R ESS

43punch, CRmax CL, Zbuffer U into 3LJx2

**NewBoxApproach:** Zbuffer U 3LJ into hold U ledgegrab, getup, Zbuffer
U 4.5 FJ into getup,

Box:

Mariocam CD, FJ L PB neutral into 5punches, lakitu 6th punch into UR
(neutral a bit on second jump) hold till (neutral on 5) land into
delayed rollout J mash, Dtap FJ kick kill

**after kill:**CLmax CR CL ,R ESS getup,CL U ESS getup, CL max CR CL U
ESS getup, CR D ESSx5 getup, CRnax CL CR, BF D into 6th ha PB neutral ,
get 2 coins or mid 1up, CRmax CL CR, Zbuffer R 3 neutral, punch till
last coin

**EyePlatform:**

Zbuffer L into 6.5PB UL, DL on land till second land into D 1coin, R 1
coin, UR 2 coins LJ after last coin, U after lave 2nd ha

**TinyBulliesPlatform:**

CL max CR CL, ESS R getup, CLmax U ESS getup, CRmax ESS U getup , CLmax
U ESS getup, CLmax CL CR D ESS getup, CRmax U CLmax U alternates till
corner, CLmax CR CL D ESS

CR, punchx2, D BFx2 kick DJ kick

If hit: D slidekick for kill, if gethit: renormalize, otherwise J mash
into D slidekick

**NewBully2Kill:** Zbuffer U into 3 slidekick full UR into hit, UR
buffer 3 steps into wait into J GP for kill, if no hit then kill on
delayed rollout, Zbuffer D 4DR 6neutral,

After kill renormalize with CL max CR CL, same normalization CR,

Zbuffer bully steps: Zbuffer U 6.5CR 8DL, 12D,14 neutral, DESS getup ,
CLmax CR CL, U ESS getup CR D ESS getup x3, CRmax CL CR,

**BigBullyPlatform:**

Zbuffer U 4.5 LJx2 into lavaboost, into U hold, PB neutral on first
landing into hit, then U Jtap GP for continuous hits until kill

U ESS , CR max mash , U ESS getup, R ESS getup

New: CRmax Zbuffer L 5.5 PB into J R getup, BF U tap into combo

BFsetup: 3BF punchx2 coin, BFx2, mario cam , Zbuffer U 5LJ getup, lakitu
CRmax, FJ L kick, L ESS getup , CRmax U ESS getup, CRmax, Zbuffer D
5(instant\!) neutral CL D ESS getup,

BF D on fire start (tiny bit before), then on second bounce PB neutral,
wait for vulcano rage, get 2 coins mario cam, wait for vulcano rage into
3rd coin on flame sound FJ GP wait for third rage into Zbuffer U 3 LJ
into vulcano

**Vulcano:**

New Beginning: Zbuffer R 4J 6neutral coin, CRmax, Zbuffer DR 5 neutral,
punch till coin, Zbuffer R 5.5 LJ on coin sound into U wall CR into U UR
till coin, mario cam CL max mash U hold till corner (after second coin,
PB and wait for flame to go away)

**Corner1:** CL max, L wall (NO WALLHUG ELSE DEATH) hold into PBkick,
instant J GP, if no kill tiniest lowest JGP cancel for kill instant U
hold J U wall punch for coin,U corner, PBkick R U corner coin,

Corner mario cam CD CDL mash normal strat till getup corner, lakitu cam
normal strat till next corner, Zbuffer L DJ kick Zbuffer UR 4J 5 neutral
coin (punch till coin), kick UR DJ 3 neutral, kick U DJ UR tap neutral,
kick UR DJ kick onto last platform U into wall, punch D when no lava
into coin, go to corner,

**Backup coin fires:** corner PB kick BF,punch BFx2, punchx2, U PB wall
punch, coin, Zbuffer UR LJ after fire is gone,

CL, Jtap into getup, CR, lockcam, Zbuffer R 4.5LJ 6.5neutral, CLmax U
ESS getup, CRmax D ESS getup, CLmax U ESS getup, 3punch J for pole (or U
ESS repeat)

**Pole:**

Climb up with CRmax uptap FJ into pole2, CL max U15 max into FJdive bonk
neutral on getup, either UR LJ into star if spawned already

Or next 3 coins:

Zbuffer UR 4U into UL corner, J into Zbuffer R 4.5LJ 6DR into pole CL
max CR FJ into coin, 6punches coin, BF R coin,

Last backup coin: CR max, Zbuffer DR into PB after dmg fall down

NewBox: UR on 2.5 jumps , neutral into land instant rollout (timed) into
J mash, after hit D GP cancel into J kick kill

Old Eye2 kill :

Zbuffer L 4UL 4.5LJ into lava boost instant L into land neutral PB, U
tap GP cancel into mario cam wait for dmg, into delayed U into dmg U
instant kick punch combo for eye setup, crouch invincible kill eye, into
CL D for coin into L coin, CL, L coin, CL L coin into U 2 coins, CRmax
CL into punchcancel U LJ into land into DR

Routing:

OutsideCoins: 16reds, 5 puzzle, 5 row towards wing, 3 coins ledge
between row and wing, 5 eye teleport, (5 coins under closing bridge ,
maybe setup for at least 4) , WC into 4 coin ledge before bully, 5 coin
row platform before bully, 8 bullystar, 5 on 1up ledge behind bully, 8
coins eye2 + 5 eye

(4 on cycle platforms tinybullies + crazy box 5), 5 row to vulcano, 8
bullies2, 3 coins spinner

InsideCoins: 23 coins on vulc2 route, (1 opposite start backup) + 3 on
elevator route, total 24

RouteIdeas:

Part1 till WC: 39

Total rest: 87 + crazy box rng (7 safety coins + 1-3 backup coins in
vulcano)

Two eyekill: 86coins outside, no box no spinner no platform

89 with spinner ending: 7 coins ledges + 2 coins safety

Ideas: bully kill into normalize for straight 5 row on platform without
cycle

Kick for eye1 aggro,

BF + slidekick setup for 5 row under bridge

WC URPB tap into flight till bully2

Lock cam for bully 2 for easier recovery on hit // flames on lower half

Crazy box jump setup towards eye platform for safety coins

Mario cam get hit by eye into CUP lock for kill

Crazy box jump setup onto 2 coins onto tiny bully platform into
normalize for ledge then eye then return for 8 row etc.

**JRB reds:**

Red1: crawlbuffer CL, J R, U LJ UR LJ U into swim, 7 swims into 8 J
getup BF DL into pole, 10U hold into Jtap coin 2J L into J DL punch till
talk, open cannon, slidekick U rollout U till normalization corner

Red2: CD, D buffer punch till water into U swims, 5pswims into hold for
get hit, then A hold 7 swims till red + bit, neutral, 5beats L
turnaround, into D swim into wall /out of water, then UR into no wall U
till UL corner normalize with CRmax //TODO aligns with coin ring for 100

Red3: CD, R buffer punch till water into A hold U till red into 7 UL
swims neutral till land U UR into corner normalize

Red4: CD, DL buffer 2.5 beats till water, 3pswims, 15P swims U into
neutral till coin into 6L beatsinto 12D surface, 9pswims into 2 L swims
into neutral till land into U UL corner normalize

Red5: DJ UL tap into grab, CR CUP CD, CLx2(one pseudo sound),buffer L
for 9.5beats

6pswims U into hold till dmg, into re A , 2 U pswims red, 4D pswims
surface, 3neutral pswims hold till land, R PB buffer into cannon

//Red coin clam jetstream setup: metal cap CLmax into JGP get D hold
till run out into A hold for red, into 1UR for cave

5BF into water A hold land into R and D buffer for 3+4 coin

Metal cap setup for 5th coin

Coin 5, Corner getup into CL L buffer into water into swim for red coin

Neutral shoot A

U BF into crawlbufferCRx2, 6-6.5BF DJ into coin,

ZbufferU 9 PB neutral rollout, 2BF, neutral kick DJ U TJ dive U till
stop, R buffer into UR normalize, punch J for coin, 3 BF for next coin,
spawn star

5 punches into CD mash, PB 5UL J GP

**JRB100: \*select star2\***

**Strats:**

**Obsolete Strats:** FirstBox: PB UL JGP cancel, CUp cancel, U LJ till
wall, Cr mash U for 3beats run into UR hold till slide neutral on getup
animation, Jtap L, FJ L , 2punch, J DJ kick coins with L tap, 2R 3UR
into wall, CL cannon backup

**Start:**

Shore cannon backup: CDL mash into slide into water or L wall repeat, B
out of water 180 mario cam , CU cancel , lakitu, PB U into 1U ULtap
cannon

Shoot U max into neutral, 12 pswim into 3L turn, full U into full D 20
swims

NewFirstBox: buffer UL kick LJ into U on landing for wall,

**Cannon shot** Umax, neutral shot, 12pswims, 3.5 L turn, full U6beats,
8pswims into neutral 12pswims, hold until land, //7neutral grabs 2 coins
from ring

CR,lock, U J dive rollout mash into neutral, 1 FJ 0.5FJ R UR into 5
punches for sign normalization

**CAVE:**

BF CUP cancel into lock cam U LJ dive rollout into wall, 8L (watch out
for falling rock) for 3 goomba kills, R LJs till wall into R into DR (
if slide, then dodge the rock into DR normalize)

On corner UR FJ into UR wall , R notch with bug sounds and corner, PB
neutral, punch BF onto switch

SWITCH: JGP UL buffer until 3rd switch sound U 3.5 dive rollout into
punch wall hold L into 3.5coins (total 4) then UL for last 2 coins, keep
holding lock

CaveRing:

Full L hold till wall into U hold for 3 coins into wall, U punch 1 coin,
BF punch BF(2coins), FJ DRx2 for 2 coins,

BackToEntrance: DR hold LJ mash TJ dives etc. till wall normalize on
switch corner again

PB punch 3BF, 4.5beats D into J into U turn punches into sign
normalization

**CaveEntranceRing:**

CUP cancel, Sign PB D 180, punch CUP cancelx2, Zbuffer U into water, go
neutral,

30 neutral swims, PB into coin, 4.25beats R turnaround , on 3rd coin: b
into 1/2 coins,into b mash D hold for last two coins

**PillarRing1:**10 swims up into 4neutral neutral till surface, 13-16 B
punches till coin, 4beats L into 2 punches 2 coins, 4R 2 punches 2
coins, 4R 2 punches 2 coins, 4R punch into last coinÂ´, 5 L into 15pswims
U hold for cannon underwater normalization, 2.5L into up surface enter
cannon with U 4 beats Zbuffer U / 4 punches after jump // cannon backup
if miss

// if I miss a coin, then not enough R, so on the next cycle, do 3
punches into 4R

**NewPillarRing1:** D ESS against wall with A hold till 1st coin into PB
neutral, punch till 3rd coin, then 4L punch 2 coin, 4L 2punch 2coin, 4L,
2punch 1coin, 4L into normalize old strat

**PillarRing: cannon pillar ring backup:** U max neutral shot into 7
punches for 3 coins, then cycle until last 2 punch 3 beats left into
normalize

**BeginningCoinRing:**

L max neutral shot into CR crouchbuffer max U 3 steps into PB D 180,
into mario cam CUP cancel into Zbuffer U water, neutral, max U into 30
neutral swims, on 30 UR recount till 3 neutral into 4to 6 D neutral till
9 L till 14.5 then neutral16L 20PB for for last two coins, then neutral
U till surface into 6pswims for beach, U till wall PB neutral

**PillarRed:**

//backup: cannon max R into 19 punches 3L into jump out

CRmax into J(wall) ZbufferU 3LJ till slide into J UR wall into CR U
water 6 punches, J up getup

Zbuffer L 3J into instant DL into pillar, 15 crawls U into CL wait a bit
into J dive U, swim J into swim J for land U till coin into UR
normalized corner,

Get normalized corner reds; corner: CDR max, 2 steps PB kick 4BF punch

**Red2:** CD, D buffer punch till water into U swims, 5pswims into hold
for get hit, then A hold 8 swims till red + bit, neutral, 5beats L
turnaround, into D swim into wall /out of water, then UR into no wall U
till UL corner normalize with CRmax //TODO aligns with coin ring for 100

**Red3:** CD, R buffer punch till water into A hold U till red (7-8)
into 7 UL swims neutral till land U UR into corner normalize

**Red4:** CD, DL 2beats PB right on water entry, 3 pswim , 11 U pswim,
9-10neutralswim into open into 12UL for coin, 19PB D swim 12 surface,
9pswim neutral into neutral into 3.5 L into swims for beach

**Bridge15:** corner DJ getup UL tap

Zbuffer U 4LJ 8UR wallhug till getup,CDLmax, BF D 3 neutral, J R 5times
for 5 coins, D ESS getup, BF D 3 neutral, J L for 1 coin, J R for 3 coin
U ESS getup, CUP cancel CDkick U DJ U ledgegrab getup, CLx2 crouch
buffer into full U till wall into UR ledgegrab

CDRmax, 3CL(1pseudo), wait for audio cue box far starting Z buffer D 3LJ
5 PBneutral, BF GP into coin on box stop again

FJ R into Zbuffer U 5neutral, PB on box inside left headphone, PB kick
DJ TJ dive into slope, Zbuffer R till wall into UR hug PB neutral, get
coin, PB on wall, UL normalize on slope into U hold UR neutral for
straight angle, into 3BF, coin, if star spawn go back to edge, with 180
turnaround CUPcancel UR PB, always 5UR recenter until slope, then UL
renormalize recenter, punch, CR crouchbuffer punch\!, wait for box to be
close into 2 backflips

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

16 reds, 3 box, normalization corner 5 row, 15 timed bridges, 8 pillar
ring, 8 beginning ring, 8 tunnel entrance ring, 30 switch, 3 goombas mid
part/early , 8 ring cave

First box: cannonshot max L into setup might work for continue

Pillar Ring: cannon Umax shot into 5B for initial position, beatcounted
R turns into B presses

Entrance Ring: PB180 into water into ring, neutral swim till first coin,
neutral fall till 3rd coin into beatcount 4R, 1-2B into U swim TODO
check

DRcannon: setup for pillar red, sign normalization for pillar red

Red coin edge: UL hold from corner getup PB on water entrance

Route: box - cannon - neutral shot into cave, lock cam goomba kills for
savety, blue switch, cave ring, normalize on sign, entrance ring, cannon
pillar ring, cannon beginning ring,

cannon, pillar red, normalize corner, normalized corner red 1+2+3, end
with red 4, cannon, shoot back to normalized corner, 15 bridge coins,
3CL grab longjump for red6, normalize into last 3 reds GG

**SL 100:**

Slowbeginning: 40 seconds

Fast beginning: 9 seconds ; Decision: use fast strat

3 new coins from lake spindrift backup: sign normalization into CD +
Zbuffer D 3LJ 6PB neutral, CUP cancel into U ESS getup, wait around 10
beats into BF GP for 3 coins kill, get out of water with 6L 5pswims

**New Beginning:** lock cam into music cue UL LJ into U into 1UL into
coins on 3J 4GP for moneybag, then U LJ neutral into R UR 4 kill, R 4
kill, D DR kill into 2 LJ D into Z mash for cannon

Snowmans - moneybag + twirls - tree - Bridge coins w/ cannon (all) -
Igloo infront of igloo coins - Red coin route - Lake - snowman head -
igloo - top - shell - last red - red coin star

BeginningArea:

UL max cannon, full CL crouchbufferU 4beats neutral, Zbuffer U 6PB J GP
punches till coin,

1.5FJ L, Zbuffer U 5 PB JGP, punches till coin (5), FJ L, Zbuffer U into
4J 6GP, into kill DJ kick for coins,lock J L, Zbuffer U 5LJ 7PB neutral,
into twirl kill, Zbuffer DR 6 beats PB neutral twirl kill x2 , Zbuffer
DR LJ UR LJ into U Z mash for cannon( if no cannon, go a bit left into Z
mash again)

SnowmanSetup1:

Max U into neutral shoot, L JGPcancel, CD, 1FJ L,beat 10BF, lock into
Zbuffer DR until kill into coins, 27 PB neutral everything, ( ice sound
in right headphone), U z mash into cannon

SnowmanSetup2:

Max DR into neutral shot, 12 punches, PB DL JGP cancel, lock cam again,
CD, 6punches into BF on throw, lock into Zbuffer lock DR 28.5PB neutral
all again, normalize into cannon (find remove amp into UR, take slopes
to guide to cannon)

Cannon to Beginning Tree: max R cannonshot buffer D into run D LJ

Beginningsidetwirl:

Cannonshot URmax, neutral, crouchbuffer CR full U (4 beats), U TJ mashed
dive rollout into U LJ UR hold into tree, U hold on grab into wait for
shyguy selfkill, pseudo CL, CL 5 beats x4 ,lock into J dive neutral,
twirl kill into UR U LJ into land UL Zmash cannon normalize

Cannonshot Bridge:

maxD into Utap ESS neutral shot into getup, if bonk down, if no bonk up,
if TB D buffer Zmash after 2 TB into U hold UR corner

Otherwise D ESS into getup into CUP cancel U wall UR corner or if fence
punch into 3BF CUP cancel into UR/R corner

BridgeCoins:

Dmax into tiniest Utap, beginning like head beatcount: getup into cam
pan into U UR coin U normalize, cam pan, CD, UR J, land UR J beatcount,
5intoU, getup, CRmash cam pan , BF Rtap U hold into 10beats, CR 8beats
CR 7beats into UR FJ 4neutral, Zbuffer R into instant UR into punch dive
rollout U into corner, into wiggles, CR into UL hold neutral on wall, 2
FJ L into punch, TJ over slope into head WK setup till corner, punch, BF
DL PB on landing, BF wait for camera

Zbuffer UR into 4GP mash land getup U hold into CR corner, neutral into
igloo entrance

(27 coins up to this point)

Twirl kill inside igloo: 10J11.5GP

Igloo: mario CUP cancel lock, UL into 4U PB neutral into twirl kill,
Zbuffer R 5neutral into twirl kill, UL into corner, PB kick J L , buffer
UL wall into UR wall till run into normal igloo setup into twirl kill in
corner, (on way get goombas if they come), normalize in VC corner, get
VC, Zbuffer L 8PB neutral into FJ D , J DJ kick for coin box, Zbuffer R
LJx2 into UR corner renormalize on VC, Zbuffer D 8neutral, FJ R into J
Utap into FJ R x3, R into 5 wall sounds, wait for VC to run out into U
corner, punch (wait for goomba kill), DL buffer (3coins) into corner,
PBkick BF, Zbuffer L into wall, D into 6slidekick, out of igloo into
neutral

Igloo to tree: CUP cancel, wait 7 beats, UR corner, wait for cam, FJ L,
wait for cam, 1J U 3GP, 3punch crouchbuffer CL into water (get all
coins), lock cam into 3swim till land, get hit into twirl kill,

Zbuffer UR 5J R into tree go up,UL FJ into tree, Z cancel into tree

If cannot find tree: go U UR LJ into UL wall into CR strat for tree
normalization

BeginningTree into Cannon: J into U FJ 7LJ 10.5J dive into UL Z mash for
cannon

RedArea1:

J tree into 6U into CL 5 into FJ coin punch 6-7timeTTs with lock cam on
3, kill into D LJ double tree warpp

RedAreaStart BeginningTree:

J U 8beats,CL 4 Cl 4 UJDive until getup animation into neutral pesudoCR

Zbuffer U 6CR,8LJ,12UR13U19.5J into red+ wall, 5BF(1R) into twirl kill
into

Change to lock cam into 3J L into lock twirl kill into U wall PB

U hold CRx2 into slide on getup animation neutral BF tree double warp
normalize

**Moneybag:** Jtree FJ into CUPcancel CD, Zbuffer U into
4CL,6J,11J,12UR,12.5GP,DJ kick for coins,

Zbuffer L into 2LJ UL hold till wall PB on wall, repeat tree
normalization

**RedSnowman:**Jtree FJ into CUPcancel CD, Zbuffer U 7.5PB neutral into
getup, PBkick into BF, 9punches J L tap into BF on throw DR hold 26PB
neutral into U wall, normalize with tree double warp

NewLake:

Lock cam into J tree up into J GP cancel instantly Zbuffer U into 4.5LJ
6.5neutral get hit into twirl kill,

ESS R till ledge getup into release lock cup cancel, crouchbuffer CLx2
full U, 6.5beats PB neutral into twirl kill

Zbuffer D into 6LJx2 mash neutral into tree Z cancel double warp
normalize

Tree Backup: Lock cam on slide for tree easier backup

Upperlake1:

From tree warp: A into beatcount 5U 4CL4CL FJU 5 kick 6 kick 7 J 7.5dive

JL punchx2 into coin

SKIP SNOWMANKILL: 1punches, J L GP cancel into 3 punches, kill snowman
with CD, DR, then CUP into footsteps of bully into down the slope
rollout into D for wall redo tree normalization

Upperlake2:

2 CL crouchbuffer, J L x2, Zbuffer U 3LJ x2, J L max, 3.5U into J
punches till coin (star spawn might happen from this point on),

PB D GPcancel turnaround, CUP cancel, 4FJ L, Zbuffer U 4LJx2 15 PB
neutral, (J L if not red) get coins, (FJ L kick) Zbuffer U 8LJ into U
hold, get coin into stop at sign

5punches into D GP cancel turnaround punches into read, if not find sign
with improvising

Backup last coin: sign normalization into J R GP cancel turnaround, lock
the cam, Zbuffer UR 3LJ5U7coin ; star grab: UR 3LJ5U 6PB into DJ kick U
into star

New last red: 13 into neutral till fast slope sounds into CL

New SpindriftfromTreeWithoutCannon: 7LJ 8UR 11Jdive 12 DR till getup,
camera pan into lock into kill D tap Cup cancel lock, into U LJ UR into
cannon

Lake:

Outdated:

//No CD

Lock into Zbuffer U 5PB JGPcancel, J D kill twirl into U tap BF tree,
into max U normalize, J GP instantly, Zbuffer U into 4.5LJ 6.5neutral
get hit into twirl kill,

Notes:

Twirl kills: get hit into 11.5J 13GP DJ kick for coins

Snowman: every 10 beats ball, respawn after kill but without coins

**SL Reds: (needs open cannon)**

CLx2 on beginning beats into 4xLJ mash for tree

CRx2(one pseudo), into FJ into J L for coin, BFx2 R tap into tree, Z
into teleport

A Utap pZ into teleport

PB R turn, Zbuffer U into 25PB, 6.5neutral into U 16.5CL till 19 PB JGP
coin (left jump a bit if not)

PB DL turnbuffer, J R x2.5 into Zbuffer U 3LJx3 with UR tap into
teleport or tree into Z U tap teleport,

Reenter teleport

A into beatcount 5U 4CL4CL FJU 5 kick 6 kick 7 J 7.5dive

JL punchx2 into coin

PB R turnbuffer, J L x2, Zbuffer U 3LJ x2, J L max, 3.5U into J punches
till coin

Normalize on slope:

L PB turnbuffer, Zbuffer U5neutral let roll, PB 3U let roll out, 3U
neutral rollout, punches till quick slope into punches till long slope,
PB L turnbuffer

Zbuffer U 3LJx2, dive after red coin sound fade

Neutral on getup animation, J L into R JGP turn punch for sign  
//TODO backup to find sign based on slopes: run U till slope into
neutral BF 0.5 into R tap punch for sign, repeat till you find it

CUP cancel into wait 10beats,

//TODO new strat with BF over sign, CUP cancel wait 15 beats, U into
sign , 2FJ L into 7 punches under shell

Beatcount: 1BF 2U into shell

Count from shell music 2nd beat

13 CL, 21CL, 24UR tiny tap, (neutral during animation),

Beat 10 after star spawn animation (2after kill) 1LJ

2CL crouchbuffer, Zbuffer U 3LJx2 into tree U J dive rollout J dive into
Z cannon

//TODO if tree miss backup: 3LJ into J dive into neutral roll out for
star or pZ mash till cannon

Cannon star grab: UR max, R hold 3 rollout star

J into wait tree, 5U, 4CL, 4CL, JD U till getup animation neutral,
pseudo B into zbuffer U 6CR 8LJ 10CL 14CL

19 slide kick UR tap into bonk, 2CR crouchbuffer into Zbuffer U 8LJx2 UL
into tree

Initial Route idea:

SL box star into sign normalization

Crouchbuffer pCLx2

13 punches crouchbuffer CLx1, lock cam into BF DRtap hit ground into 3U
hold beatcount

on BF,

16PB,8UR,7U, 3L

TODO all the backups etc. ending

TODO lock cam at wall for normalizing in case of not hitting tree, same
with last LJ?

**THI100:**

**Beginning:**

After kills R till fence, U till wall UR normalize, punch Zbuffer L 6.5U
into normalize corner

Enter big stage,

lock cam into U

Get hit by goomba into 3.5 count J GP into J kick for coin, if no then
just run around hope for good coin RNG // need â…” blue coins.p

From corner: PB kick into Zbuffer L 6U into wall,

CL max CR 2 punch lock cam Zbuffer DR for pole coins J GP after end into

CDCRmax R wall into UR find corner again

CL max, Lock cam zbuffer U 5 UL 9 L 10.5LJ, 12 UL 14 J dive

Land on beach, DJ GPs for two kills, L J dives wall, U till coin, into
DL coins and 1up into L DL find corner release lock,

//\~24 coins on entry

**RedEarlyRoute:**

THI new red entry setup:

beach unref wall corner PB neutral, PB kick, 3 BF, CL, PB U PB , PB
kick, BF R PB before land, lock cam into full mashed TJ UR after
beginning into wallkick getup release into U into reds

Get reds until blue switch corner, then exit setup:

Get on switch into lakitu CD into 1J 2GP U buffer into 5CR into 8UR 10PB
into neutral

//46-50 out of reds //48 coins currently

\+5bridge = 53

\+2goombas = 63

\+2goombas = 73

\+1goomba = 78

\+1chuckuya = 82

4 row as small

Potentially 5 coins as big mario on wiggler opening = 87

  - > 5 coins on top bridge = 92

10 coins in wiggler = 102

107

54 after red bridge

68 into pipe with 10 missed

76 15 missed after pipe

5 +5 +5 +10

New red beginning: BF 3LJ 4neutral into R ESS wait for cam into
crouchbuffer x2 CR into U ESS getup 8 punch D ESS getup, pseudo CR

NewChukuya Manip: CR on pipe exit into R kick mash TJ without dive into
UR walk till wall CL into L R sideflip getup into U kick UL into wall
CDL mash into getup, then chukuya Zbuffer 3.5U2.5(early)DL punch strat

New wiggler cave open ending to pipe:

New beatcount: 5.5UL 7L 9LJ 10UL 11.5J dive

New double goomba: CR max into D till fall into GP (lock cam L R Dmostly
into U wall renormalize), CRmax lock cam into U hold for water, 4.5 R
turn into get out of water into delock CL into U wall UL corner

Backup 5 coin row: after reentry of small mario pipe: CDL max into
Zbuffer D 5 GP mash into L hold 2kick dive mash into R UR corner
normalize PB kick into 2 punch L hold 5 coins into UR R UR corner again,
UR J kick nito J kick DJ dive UR till U UR corner, unref TJ into U wall
into U J kick into UL hold till wall into U corner CLmax CRx2 into L
hold pipe

After Reds: Zbuffer D 4LJ hold till getup, mario cam into J L for â…”
coins, then 1 FJ R, ZbufferU 2.5LJ 5.5 Jdive neutral on getup, CDRmax
lock cam D taps for goomba kill,

After Kill: CRmax CL CR into Zbuffer U 3LJ UR dmg into UR walk a few
beats into U UL corner find

New pipe entry from corner:

Punch BF into Zbuffer R 8beats till wall into PB kick for 2 coins,
Zbuffer UR 2 coins 8R till wall, DRnormalize, PB kick 3U wall J tap pipe
entry

From pipe: 2kickDJ tap into CLCD into Zbuffer U 4J 5dive 5.5UL koopa
kill hope for coin drop else U onto beach, dodge the flame into CR U UL
for 2 coins, corner, J DL into getup, red setup, mario CD, FJ R for 1
coin, FJ L x2, open wiggler, crouchbuffer CR , Zbuffer U 3J into UL into
pipe, neutral at end of jump

After pipe: dependent on coin count: skip chukuya or goomba or both;
then from mario cam getup: Zbuffer U 5slide kick 5 coins into BFx2
punchx2, getup kicks for for wiggler room

InWiggler: CUPcancel, crouchbuffer CL hold up till 5 coins,

Star position: 12 BF into 2 punch J R tap

Star backup: find corner CR into U CL 45 into J kick cancel 11 Bf into 3
punch FJ R x2 for star if no star J up repeat

**OldRoute:**

U unref TJ WK DL hold into land U into L, UL normalize corner,

CL max lock cam, UR J kick into UR till wall (fence), UR J into cage,
ONLY IF NO GOOMBA SOUND, kill him if sound, else J into cage find him
and kill him, UL normalize, UR wall into UR J R taps until goomba kill
him

DR hold till wall into D normalize

R till wall, punch BF punch, Zbuffer UR 15 beats, D wall, 9 beats R into
DL Dnormalize

BF into Zbuffer, R UR wiggle for 5 coins into R till fall D wall
normalize corner

J BF, Zbuffer UR into 6U7UR 1-2 wiggle till 16.5 U 18 stop pipe

Reset pipe into L hold tiny bit for goomba1 aggro, kill into R pipe
reenter

Reenter one more time into U hold till getup CR U till 5 coins, CL max
lock cam into 11U UL normalize, CL max into D pipe J into it

J mash for tiny goomba, CDCR Zbuffer U 3.5J UR 5neutral J box DJ kick
coins, CL U into normalize,

CDR, 2BF U into tree

U CL lockcam, J 4kick 6 J dive for 5 coins, 7 neutral, bonk, DR grab,
let go into BF J into U UR J getup UR normalize,

5.5UL coin from normalized corner, R UR for secret + 2 coins DL R back
to secret (be careful about goomba), CR max J U dive UR into pipe U
normal strat

CDR Kick DJ after pipe R into find goomba kill,

CR UR till wall or slope, then mash rollout into UR into wall, CL, getup
with R L U sideflip,

Zbuffer U 4.5 UL into wall till normalize (CDL mash)

DJ strat like in THI box

**Chukuya kill:** CRx2, 4U into 2.5 DL into punch for chuckuya,

CL, 2.5U, 1throw 4J 5GP

CRmax, Zbuffer L 4.5 GP

CL max into UL normalize, do normal strat for bridge

Mario cam, Zbuffer U 7.5 stop (last coin),

CR CL D ESS, BF onto bridge

CL max U ESS normalize, CL max again, Zbuffer 4 R punch till first coin,

U ESS into normalize mario cam CD, J L taps until 5 coins,

Lakitu CLmax CR, Zbuffer U 3LJ UR tap U into cave

**THI reds:**

Normal like THI box into beatcount 8 U( last coin) (7 Zbufferd) into
lakitu CR into U ESS BF fall into CL U into entrance

//OLD STRAT:4 punches into CD Zbuffer R 6.5J into instant J U tap ,

//R ESS into getup if no grab also in new strat

**NEW STRAT:** 5 punches, CD, ZbufferR 5.5 into punches till coin, CUP
mash cancel, into BF, Zbuffer U 3LJ 4 neutral getup

Getup Zbuffer U 4J 5UL 5.5neutral into (6)punches till coin, crawlbuffer
CR, Zbuffer 4J 5UL 5.5 neutral (4-9punches),( if after 9 punches not
there, J L taps); Zbuffer L 3J 4neutral D ESS getup

pseudo CL, crawlbuffer CL into Zbuffer U 4LJ getup, J R, Zbuffer U 4.5J
getup, FJ R into R hold getup normalize, U till wall(6beats)

**BlueCorner:**

CD, CR U wall, PB kick, punch, Zbuffer 4.5L into wall PB, mario cam CUP
cancel, J U tap onto switch,

New: lakitu cam, 1J2GP5.5CR 8PB for coin into instant J kick over flame
into D LJ CUP cancel get back to corner

Old: lakitu cam, CRx2, CL into timed 1J 2GP 8 sideflip D dive into D
hold till wall into PB wait for cam Linto UL corner,

5CR,8PB for red into J kick jump over flame into D LJ neutral mario cam
CUP cancel lakitu into U corner find into CR setup

PBkick, CD mash, Zbuffer D 4LJ 6PB neutral land, Zbuffer U with UL tap
into wall, lock cam into UL corner U punch DJ wallkick U, during
cutscene into D hold into wall J kick into star

NewEntry: lock on big stage entry: 2kick UR into U J wall into UL wall
into U hold, 2beats run into 1 UL into 1U into LJ into U hold J dive as
late as possible into UL wall DL L corner do red cave setup

**CCM 100:**

**NewCCM100Slide:** after coin row: FJ L GP, instant D hold on beat 18
DL till 19, then 36 start GP mash till stop

**Red start after new spindrift kill: CL max CR CL into U hold for tree
slide**

Slide coins into reds with blue coin ending collect red coin star

5 coins slide entry (51)

74-75 coins on slide

32 coins optimally on red route till warp / 36 with last 2 reds / 46
with switch

15 on ending, 5 beginning, 5 shortcut

7 WK arrow

Enter with 7 coins normal with U BF GP ending

Midslide: (\~57-59 coins)

Zbuffer U 17.5/18,4R, 4U GP (if after 8 beats no coins J Lm DLpp GPs a
bit) into slow till coins, DR after fall, 2fallbeats, 2 U beats, GP 5 GP
for camera, 4 beats neutral into J L GP for 2 coins, 2neutral, 2 UL, 2U,
8.5UR instant GP, coins,

J GP after first coin into neutral J GP after coin sound ends, beatcount
19 GP into 2J R into DR tap pGP for coin, 3L taps neutral till last coin
into neutral till 21 J GP, J L test for coins

64 coins at **warp**, CRmax CL CR, FJ, CR, Zbuffer U till bonk into
neutral, CR, Zbuffer U 15PB D into bonk neutral, CR, Zbuffer U into 11L
13J tap into **tree**,

**Fast slide:** 48 coins IF ALL

Zbuffer 13pU, 3UR, 8.5 neutral GP (always a bit to the right usually),
into 6.5GP neutral into FJ L J L tap try search coins,neutral coins, go
down to confirm J GP on last row, count from landing GP on last, hold D
into 17 GP, J kick L into neutral till coin, J kick L neutral 10-10.5 GP
till coin, beats after coin GP into 6 beats GP mash till first possible
position confirm with D jumps

FJ L into J L taps for coin continue old strat

CrouchU 18.5 beats into J L taps till coin, U J GP count 1J 2GP 22.5 GP
into 2J R 2J DR GP into 2 L J GP into neutral a bit into GP get last row
of coins

UL into exit

**Go out:**

CL, Zbuffer U, 2L ULx2 into wall or not into Z hold till stop (coin),
CLmax into U wall punch CR, D hold into warp

WARP: CRmax U into 4wall slides into J 10 LJ (2 after slide over), tree

Enemy: CL J U wall into corner like head, punch DJ getup, CR CL on getup
beatcount bonk into BF, 14.5 BF ,21J 22GP,23J kick coins,

D J tree into CR,

U FJ mash getup, BF CR, zbuffer U hold into

Zbuffer U 12PB neutral 36J GP, CL U till wall into CRmax into UR till
second wall, punch slide into 2 BF, 2D 3J into tree

CRmax CL, FJ CRx2, switch to lock cam, Zbuffer U into 18 lock cam 19 J
tap mash, lakitu U CR max into 2.5JL,CD Zbuffer D into 7Z 11 U 16J into
red CRx2 CL, then do reds like normal, (red beatcount: 4LJ 7UR 8dive

normalize in reds corner, CRCL, DJ L tap, CR, getup U, CR,J U into CR
manx J GP into D hold for both blue coins,

If **first blue coin**, then Zbuffer ULpinto star

Zbuffer, D 4DR 6GP mash

Iif **second blue coin:** CL max into Zbuffer D (10 GP) into star

**Spindrift2:** from red corner: CRmax into Zbuffer D 7CR, 16GP DL intop
get hit into beatcount, 10.5J 11.5GP ,

Slow CL max, L wall, zBuffer UR 9.5 into R fence into UR Z mash for red

**BackupSpindrift:** red corner CLmax CR CL, L hold into slide airtime,
UR hold till getup get hit, 9J 10 GP for spindrift, get corner, PB kick
BF, mario cam J L into BF Zbuffer U 4LJ 6 neutral find warp repeat for 3
extra coins

**New bridge:** Zbuffer U into 13PB neutral 36J37GP CLmax U till slide
into L at some point TODO improve

Backup 5 row coins: red corner into punch 3BF CR max Zbuffer U 14
neutral get all coins into GP

New slided after 5 GP coins: 10.5 GP into 18 GP, 24J L till 26J then
another one (little one), or 1.5 one if no coin), into coin into 5.5 GP
into 3 L tap continue

**JRB Cannon:**

New strat: full U into 1D DRinto insptant A (practice timing) instead of
ESS

4ESS r, 8ESS U, shot, U CL mash into CR FJ into DMG landing neutral into
J U GP for star

**SSL Reds:**

**New ending:** for red 7+8+stargrab: from sign: get wc into CLmax CR CL
into Zbuffer U 7.5 neutral, CL max CR CL into 2 PB R PBneutral, into TJ
flight 5D for coin 35 GP for top, CL max into U hold 8.5 GP mash into CR
max FJ R into U hold box getup 100 coin normalization into lock cam GP
last red into Zbuffer U 6PB, Dturn into TJ dive D into delock, CL max
into L tap 4-5 punches with Dtap J for sign, CRmax into Zbuffer UL
slidekick for star

CDR max, PB UR into slide till getup into zbuffer U 4LJ into half beat
UR into walk till coin, PB, Zbuffer 4LJ D into stop, delock , CR, uptap,
J neutral TJ U land J dive UL hold till fall into DR hold into R UR
fence normalization, new fence normalization into sign normalization

**//Skip ShyGuyKill:** normalized fence BF position, Zbuffer U (BGM WC),
6LJmashx2**,** 11J 12dive neutral,

J GP on fire spawn, ( or 22 beats(small GP, he would fire over you, then
repeat), 24 beats if fire on landing), after kill: CRmax Zbuffer UL 3J
7J GP punch U tap into punch sign

(bonk backup: CRmax CL CR into D ESS into CR into L tap into punches
till sign normalization

read sign normalize ( if not ESS R ledgegrab getup find sign 3-4
punches), CRmax CL CR, into Zbuffer R 3.5neutral, CLmax CRCL into J GP
WC L tap 3punch into full J U into TJ flight mash rollout CR CL, lock
cam into U crouchbuffer 2.5 tap, delock into TJ flight beactount 10D 11
neutral 14L 15 neutral into 22.25 GP for coin, if no coin,

CRmax CL CR L ESS getup, 7 punch into U ESS till coin, do 100 coin
cannon setup

CRmax CL CR into Zbuffer D 5 neutral, CL x2 U ESS

Then into cannon: neutral shot into CLmax mash CR CL, Zbuffer UL 3J
4kick 5U into wall J tap for box setup

5punch into CUP lock, do 100 coin sign normalization into red strat,
renormalize on fence

15.5 D into red 29 GP renormalize fence

Then sign normalization, red to the left with 5D into 12GP, CR max mash
LJ into water, reset position into get back with tree J dive into
rollout 2 LJ U into 2LJ R into walk 3LJ into fence corner, then repeat
first normalization for last coin

After last lake coin, go to tree into Zbuffer R cannon

Neutral shot into BF, CLmax CR CL, Zbuffer R 4 neutral, L ESS tap, TJ
with DJ mid L hold dive rollout into star

**Obsolete route:** FROM WARP: J tree, CR max into U Jdive till slide
getup animation, CL Utap into BF 2sounds DR into coin, swim neutral A
till land into CL, U into water swim neutral till land, U J into tree

CLmax CR CL, U J count beat of cubes: 6.5LJ 7UL till slide into neutral
on getup animation

Zbuffer 3.5D into L tap punch for sign, else find it somehow

Sign normalization like red2, from landing: 3punch Ltap into TJ flight
13 GP, D J into tree normalization continue

CLmax CR CL repeat tree normalization to wingcap sign, get WC into

Ltap TJ beatcount 4.5D into coin 10GP, CL max into U tornado CL mash
till land into U normalized corner

Go back to wingcap same strat

CR CL lock cam into Zbuffer U 7.5neutral, delock into R tap (bit longer)
buffer

TJ beatcount 5D into coin, 34.5 GP or slide onto top of redspawn,

CL max 9.5 Zmash into CRmax, U tap JR , U punch box into U for red star
spawn,

4BF into neutral DJU TJ dive into getup CRmax CL CR into Zbuffer L 5J
into star

//obsolete Shyguy kill: from getup: CLmax Zbuffer L 4LJ 6,7kick 8J dive
neutral into J GP on fire spawn, ( or 19 beats), after kill: CRmax
Zbuffer UL 3J 7R 8 neutral U tap into punch sign

(bonk backup: CRmax CL CR into R ESS into CR into L tap into punches
till sign normalization

12LJ 13UL WC bgm

12.5 with WC

New no WC strat get coin into Zbuffer D 5 neutral, R ESS getup into
Zbuffer L 4LJ 4.5UL neutral, CRmax CL CR into Zbuffer L 8neutral,
Zbuffer U 5 neutral into U ESS warp

BACKUP: if failed 2nd red, just continue and do another round 28 beats
after coin for centerCRmax CL CR into Zbuffer U 3LJ into punches or ESS
U till warp

**Obsolete:** CRmax, ZbufferD hold 7D PB 4R J kick over flame into CLmax
into R tap into TJ flight beatcount,

Sign normalization backup: CR max CL CR into Zbuffer R 3.5 neutral J GP
cap

CR CL lock 8.5 U into neutral into L J L till slide down stop animation
into neutral,

Delock into Zbuffer U 4LJ 7.5 J GP fast mash 2-3 times, CLmax into R tap
into 3punch into TJ beatcount flight: 7neutral 1R 16GP land, U ESS into
coin,

CRmax CL CR, TJ flight beatcount

Backup U ESS 5 punch into CRmax CL CR U ESS into coin into L tap flight
beatcount

TJ flight 11 GP CRmax CLCR Zbuffer 4U neutral into warp

**SSL100:**

**59 coins outside if all**

**Reroute Pokey3:** DJ kills into DL box first getup 2 punches L ESS,
mario cam CUP into same

**Cannon from warp:** Zbuffer 7.5R, DR into cannon

**MidsectionEndingFly:**From 29GP landing U into UR tap for entry, else
normalize into repeat

**Strats:**

**CrazyBox:**CR, ZbufferD 4PBneutral, CR, PB JGP cancel R, CUP cancel J
R tap, punch into box grab into U 4UL6D CL mash into UR after landing U
corner normalize, J kick into UR again for stray coins

**//skip ShyGuyKill:** normalized fence BF position, Zbuffer U (BGM WC),
6LJmashx2**,** 11J 12dive neutral,

J GP on fire spawn, ( or 22 beats(small GP, he would fire over you, then
repeat), 24 beats if fire on landing), after kill: CRmax Zbuffer UL 3J
7J GP punch U tap into punch sign

(bonk backup: CRmax CL CR into D ESS into CR into L tap into punches
till sign normalization

**Sign Normalization from Fence:** CUP CR max Jtap BF slide BFx2 CR
(normalized), then Zbuffer U 3LJ into neutral, until ground J kick L
into D ESS getup, Zbuffer 5L, U tap into punch for sign

**CrazyBox2:**

Get to sign normalization, do

**leftside red strat:** CRmax CL CR, Zbuffer R 3.5 under WC, L tap J GP
cancel into WC, beatcount from TJ, 5D 9GP on coin sound, 19 punches into
CL for box setup

CRmax CL CR into Zbuffer L 3LJ 6PB before landing, 8 punches CL into L J
GP cancel, punch box into 1 neutral (really only after second bounce)
2.25R hold into punch mash for coins, fall down with GP

CrazyBox2Backup:If rollout and no punch combo: mario cam into U hold
till coins , then lakitu into CL water setup

**Pokey1fromPillar:** Zbuffer DR 3LJ LJ again with UR neutral into pokey
kill

**FromPokey1toFence:** go R till slide,CLmax CR CL, Zbuffer U into
3LJx3. (bonk) UR corner normalization

**//Obsolete Pokey1fromFence:** CRmax CL, PB D into getupanimation BF,
GP mash till pokey kill into J blue coin: if no blue coin: reset

**FromSignBacksidePyra:**CRmax CL CR, into Zbuffer R 3.5neutral, CLmax
CRCL into J GP WC L tap 3punch into full J U into TJ flight mash rollout
CL CR,

**Row of 5 + tree:** punchx3, CLx2 lock into L hold until 5th coin,
(Zbuffer L 5 beats), Zbuffer R 5beats , one punch into CRmax J LGP
cancel, TJ flight beatcount 13GP tree; if no tree: J down into tree or

**optimized tree finding:** CRmax U into water 5.5 turnaround etc.

New backup: find shore (different sound): CRmax into L hold till slope
(if water you are too far right, swim a bit and repeat), after slide A
hold out of water into neutral J dive out of shore, CL max into Zbuffer
L 3J 4neutral for tree, if no tree or water CLmax into U ESS for tree /
or if water one neutral J dive

//**Obsolete:**lock cam into crouchbuffer U 3PB ,delock into TJ flight
beactount 11DL 12 neutral into 22.25 GP for coin, if no coin, CL CR U
into U ESS for coin,get coin , CRmax CL CR into Zbuffer D 5 neutral, R
ESS getup into Zbuffer L 4LJ 4.5UL 6neutral, CRmax CL CR into Zbuffer L
8neutral, ROUTE CHANGE: Zbuffer D 5neutral into CR DESS into cannon

//8punches till mid

**//TODO find tree part**

**From tree:** lakeRed CR max into U Jdive till slide getup animation,
CL Utap into BF 2sounds DR into coin, swim neutral A till land into CL,
U into water swim neutral till land, J dive neutral, U J into tree

Pokey: CLmax CR CL, FJ UL into 3neutral land, D tap into 6punch for talk
to bob omb for cannon, DJ GPs till pokey kill, run around for coin RNG.
find tree again double warp

Row: UR PB, CUP lock, Zbuffer U 5J,11.5J , Zbuffer U into 10.5, 11GP
into D hold till

Fire into LJ on way back from warp

**Red from warp:**

Zbuffer R 5.5, Zbuffer U 7LJ neutral on landing(beat9), Zbuffer L 4.5
coin, Zbuffer R 5 neutral,

backup: CRmax CL CR into Zbuffer D 5 neutral, CL x2 U ESS, /

CL U ESS mario cam CUP cancel CD, Zbuffer U 4LJ 9.5 neutral, lakitu
CRmax CL CR, Zbuffer D into slope into punch x2 into L hold for cannon

5x6x2 punch backup

**Cannon into neutral shot to Midsection:**

CRmax CLCR,

New Midsection: punchx3 CRmax into Zbuffer U 5UR into wall J getup box,
punch x3 into CL max CR CL, Zbuffer U into 5 neutral, punch for box, D 6
beats into Z delayed BF x3, Zbuffer 6.5/7 L into DJ GP for pokey/shyguy
kill, 7 R back into center into D hold for box getup renormalize on L
ESS 3 punch D ESS side, 5punch CUP lock into Zbuffer U 8 J getup next
box,

5punch CUP lock into Zbuffer U 6 PB neutral into DJ GP for J L a bit
pokey D hold return to box renormalize D ESS 2punch L ESS 2 punch U ESS
repeat lock cam setup,

Zbuffer U 6 neutral, D tap into kick DJ F D TJ dive neutral on getup

CLmax into Zbuffer DR 5.5neutral, 1-2 punches, CR , J GP WC, 10 punch U
tap, TJ beatcount 15.5D,29GP, CRmax CL CR into U a bit then Zbuffer L
3LJ into DL hold till wall, D/DL corner normalization

CL max into CR max 2 BF setup into pyramid (buffer U 2 LJ after
normalizing)

**PyramidPart:** lock cam into UL wall into 6U into DL till fst whooshs
corner PB( J D if normal corner), J UR tap, GP into Zbuffer on switch
sound, 5UR into U into 8J 9 GPJ R if not all coins, DJ kick D back into
floor, if sand D punch DJ kick D;

R fence, DR wall into UR 3 goomba kills, then normalize in UR/R between
notch

Delock ,punch, L GPcancel CUP lock, 2LJ U into UR corner normalize,

PB kick BF, wait for thwomp sound into U UR corner normalize (quite
sound) delock

**Sand2Platforms:**

CR into J Zbuffer L 6.5J 8neutral, U PBkick into BFinstantGP for coin, L
J kick UL U into corner J to confirm if on stone

//backup if fall into sand: UL into J kick till wall (time it to get up)

PB kick BF, CRCL, Zbuffer L 6UR till corner, PBkick, CL lock into U till
wall (2LJ)

PBkick, BF, CLx2, L PB kick, CR, D ESS getup,

**CeilingClimb:**J hold into D until 3rd coin into CR, DR coin, R coin,
UR coin, U coin, UR till land into wall into U UR corner normalize, CUP
cancel, punch R GP cancel

CUP lock, U LJ into U UL till getup (maybe kill goomba on the way), L
punch upon hearing into J D, Zbuffer U 2.5 LJ on hearing 2LJ into UL
corner normalize, punch BFx2, Zbuffer R into LJ into pole 5U

**FromPole:** delock into CR max U tap into J DR into wall, R CL mash
for 10 beats, CR, 8R, PB neutral, mario cam CUP cancel into J hold, U
till wall, U J ledgegrab Zcancel into J L for coin, U FJ getup into U J
getup lakitu cam U CR into normalized corner, PB kick, CR

Sideflip last secret: Zbuffer D 3.5U 4.5 sideflip, J U J UR getup, CL
max U wall, R J GPcancel into CUP (change to lock cam) lock, U LJs UL
taps into UL corner /(wait for enemy to stop)

PBkick 2punch CL max, ULPB neutral, PBkick 6BFs(heart), BFS until after
4 coins,

after coins getup, CLmax UL corner wall into R 3LJs second UR+third
neutral, UL/U into corner

Get hit in corner into Zbuffer R 4LJ 5neutral, Zbuffer R 3neutral J for
pole

**CrazyJump:**CDRx2, Zbuffer L 4.5LJ6ULtap getup

CRmax, CL, D ESS tap into 3BF (if star spawn 2 punches into DJ GP for
star, continue punches for secret platforminto L hold for rest of the
coins if needed

If star spawn: CR max UR corner, PB kick into BFs, after star grab: CDL
x3 into CDR max UR into corner

Rest: PBkick, CUPcancel, mash CL for 10beats, PB U 7.5beats into UL hold
till getup, 5punches, CUPcancel into PB U PB , DJ GP for last coins

If star spawn : same backup as last one

BF into CRmax U hold till getup, BF, 2punches, doublepunch neutral,

CRmax,

Zbuffer UL 3LJ, into star spawn hold U into new sounds 10 into J in same
beat until getup

UR into corner, PB kick into beatcount 1BF, 27mash J for star

Zbuffer U 5 neutral into U ESS warp

//If no coin D ESS on CL CR before flight

**FROM WARP:** J tree, CR max into U Jdive till slide getup animation,
CL Utap into BF 2sounds DR into coin, swim neutral A till land into CL,
U into water swim neutral till land, U J into tree

**LLL tiny bullies:**

**triple kill: UR LJ into 2 coins, buffer DR 2 coin pseudo, buffer D 3
coin pseudo into neutral, 8 coin pseudo into Jtap GP for kill**

Beginning like big one, Zbuffer U R tap at end of lava boost CL into U
till fall down neutral,

10/11 Zbuffer U 12/13LJ, getup quickly into J R into PB turnaround
triplepunch, kill, Zbuffer 4.5 U into 8J 9 GP kill, 6.5DR, 9J10GP, kill
into D ESS, landing sounds on 3BF into kick into instant GP D for kill,
D ESS getup, kick U DJ 3.5 GP J Ls into star

wait 25 bepats into 2UR J neutral D GPs for kills, J U search, then on
spawn DJ 4 GP, D GP into kill, lock cam, J UL into star or normalize D
ledge into jkick U DJ U 3.5GP end, J L for star

//try wingcap beginning for normalized first 2 kills, or find more
normalized beatcount after elevatorride to kill at least 2 consistently,
lure last one with CR D into beatcount FJ GP,

**BBH 100+ merry**

**New Red1 Beginning: U UL slidekick into ghost, get coinU wall 5UL PB
kick for red, Zbuffer L 3J into L door**

Red1 beginning: punch FJ GP get coin, 1L2J L into wall, DL into door,
ghost2, kill ghost 2 get coin, 2D3kick4R5LJ, L door, next ghost hunt
room kill ghost on door close DJ GP, (evtl. eye) or 2 J GPs, get red and
2DL kicks L corner, get hit by chair, D 1J into 2neutral 8J9GP double
ghost coins,1DR,R till wall , on 7J DJ for book kill get coin+ red, U
into wall into L UL door go upstairs into coffin room

Old: DRwall U UL into piano room, R till wall sounds into DR for coin,
2UL into U wall UL door (38coins), 2UR,Rwall, DJ getup stairs, get lone
red , (get two coffin reds)

go to WK room, 9L wall sounds into DJ book kill, 12L for next 2UR,2R
into corner, WK up there, D LJ wall, BF, punch, 4neutral beats 5J 6GP
for ghost coin, (53),3BF,3punch, 2L wall , punch, BF onto switch (sound
change) 1J 2GP for switch, Rbuffer 4 DR (2coins) PB UL into LJ U U hold
A into neutral PB kick D tap, UL L back into door, D hold fall down
wall, L till wall, Zbuffer UR 3LJ into 4U get coin (4UL swoosh if
missed) UL (bit more than notch normalize) into PBkick BF neutral till
land, then Zbuffer D till swimming, wait for surface into 5 beats L into
2slow swims jump out into U wall UR U door

merry jump, normal strat but U wall into BF GPs for first round, then U
BF punch for next rounds till 100 coins, after star grab, U tap for
2-3hit on ghost into J R GP for star

//25 coins in merry

**RR castle:** same as ship till pole, CLx1, A tap jump on top, CRx3,,
get on carpet into U hold against wall J getup J timed x2, then
definitely J getup U hold for everything, with mario cam for angle,
Zbuffer3LJ, 7J8UR9R10neutral 1J 2GP into count

BIG BEATCOUNT: 16U,20FJ, hold U into 26J, 36FJ, 42J, 43 neutral

Wait for fire sound,

115 until first fire sound mario cam 65 J R getup, fast getup wait 4
beats Zbuffer U 5J 6R 7neutral, 16J 17R getup, 4 beats wait into Zbuffer
5 J 6UR 7 neutral, lakitu, on fire neutral DR on second fire start +â…˜
(rather 4) beats BF,recount 34zbuffer D into star

If amp: 10J 11R 12neutral, 18J 19pR, TODO recheck

Zbuffer U 7 PB neutral into coins,

**RR 100 + castle / reds:**

24 in swingside+triangle, 16 + random lakitu on rotate, (44), 16 reds,
(60), 30 in blue (90), 15 on carpet way (5 on lower part), 2 on carpet
to ship, 8 + lakitu on ship, 5 inside castle (teleport), go from reds to
carpet taking first 5

First row: normal till grab into UL 2kick into L kick into GP mash R
hold into 1 kick J after slide into land GP instantly, kill goomba, 3R,
ESS R getup, ESS U getup, Zbuffer D into 5LJ 10PB neutral Rhold into
sideturn for 2 coins, 3.5L into last coin stop, tiny J R tap Zbuffer U
5neutral, ESS up getup, 10punches, ESS R getup, BF + count beats, if no
coins, then count 15 ZbufferL retry after second platform, else if land
on moving platform, J GP mash till second dmg,

FJ U into Lhold 8beats getup, 3punch Zbuffer UL 3 instant LJ into pole

(if no getup ESS L till getup, U LJ UR pole)

CRx4, U 1J-4, 1J,5GP 9 GP,U FJ 2xLJ into pole

25 beat climb: From pole top:

Old strat TJ Lakitu Kill: 1J 4.5DJ, 7.5 TJ, 8 9GP, neutral 17 Zbuffer U,
20LJ 24 PB (start of 24) neutral, 30 Zbuffer DL3 LJ into L till getup,

New strat: U FJ 4.5(instant) PB into U ESS, getup into 2BF, on 9th coin
sound FJ R into DJ get coins into D hold J back onto platform into D
hold fence into FJ into pole / corner normalize into pole , then do ship
strat, FJ 5 FJ 9LJ 12 PB 3 punch on 8th coin Zbuffer DL into LJ into L
hold getup

**Reds:** get reds into UL hold corner

PBkick DL getup into BF L hold until switch, jump on switch, timed WKs

(if fail the blue coins: get red coin star as backup, IF you have less
than 5 backup coins from enemies, get last red coin too for safety = you
can miss one blue coin)

**Switch:** 1J (U a bit) 2GP U 7R 8PBpunch, kick DJ WKx6 into R J dive
for coins till no coins anymore, normalize U wall BF, Zbuffer 5.5R into
punches till talk, R till flame into L sideflip to safety, U wall UR
getup U 2BF D ESS , wait for platform to arrive again, Zbuffer R 4J 5WK
into DLUL getup, slow getup 7UR into R till on 4th 1up sound BF, hang

Old sideflipWK strat: slow getup: 5L6.5J8WK

If fail: wait 3 beats and repeat

R hold till coin into PB\!\!\! ( need to catch coin sound into neutral
PB, after second fall)

//11beats neutral (around 90 coins here)

16 Zbuffer 18LJ x3 into DL after first half,

Do ship strat till getup

Zbuffer 4LJ 7PB neutral 19J 20 GP for lakitu into U D R taps repeat for
coins

New strat hang:

Newnewstrat: PB kick from wind gone into CLx2, 1L5LJ7UL 8L 9 PB neutral

CLx2, 1L2D,6U,9LJ,10UL, 12L 13 neutral, R ESS getup, 9 punches U ESS
getup

1BFU hold 8(instant) PB into kick DJ GP for coins into U ESS wait for
explosion

From explosion: 4Zbuffer 7.5LJ 9.5neutral

7U9LJ(8.5LJ if hang) (bit earlier if ledgegrab), 11.5PB land into
6Zbuffer UR into pole

Backup last ship coin ring: UR corner cannon U PB, BF D hold into DMG
into R (4.5) hold for coin ring start right side

**RR cannon:**

Same as ship till ledgegrab, 1ZbufferU 4LJ,6R, till wall into J getup,
after 5 beats Rhold ppL back and normalize (in case no grab, backup
corner 8 beats DR) get into cannon

U tick, 3ESS R, grab pole, 4CR, all the way up (15), 1neutral J 2UR 5GP
star

New shot: count halfbeats into 0U 0.5 shoot hold UR into U buffer kick
into J UL tap GP,pp

**TTC Thwomp:**

Same as cage2 WK getup, then CL 1ZbufferUR, 4LJ 5neutral, kick DJ U
getupU infinite UL corner, BF, PB D BF grab getup, DJ getup, PB sideflip
RL dive L bonk, 2L UL wall/infinite U corner, PB punch, PB DR UL WK R WK
L getup, CR, Zbuffer 8UL, CL, D ESS, mario cam CD, Dj kick chain, on
kick U into full DJ TJ neutral mash for WK chain, lakitu, wait for stomp
5 beats into U grab neutral, wait for stomp for normalization, CL CR,
Dtap turn, wait for stomp into BF U land, after landing, 2BF into star

Backup for TJ WK chain: lakitu, CR CL, D ESS into getup, BF D into D ESS
getup mario CD for retry,

/or Rtap DJkickchain into R on kick height into TJ WK DL land to setup

ESS D, mario CD into U kickDJ 4GP for re septup

If no star: L ESS getup mario U J kick

New: same as 100 coin till box cage WKs, then DR UL sideflip WK R WK L
DL getup, CRmax into Zbuffer UL 9beats into instant neutral into CL D
ESS getup lock cam into rest of the starp

Thwomp platform 5x5 punches star

## TTC 100:

**Beginning:** same as climb but 9.5UR into U UL getup

CRmax U into PBkick punch CL R R ESS getup 10 punch J box DJ kick coins,

L UL U UL corner normalization, Jtap BFx2 2CL normalize reds till top,
get last 2 reds first after last 3J4U wall UL U getup 2BF, CL,Zbuffer,
1R6U getup,CRBF R U wall getup, BF L into sideflip L climb till upper
floor cage1,

**BlueCoinSwitch:** after sideflip up, CL CR into U corner, punch,
CRmax, 1Zbuffer L,3LJ getup,CLmax, Zbuffer DL getup, punchx3, CRmax

D GP cancel BF ,CL max, lock cam 1J 2GP into URbuffer 6LJ, 10U, L till
second coin, DR till after coin into U last coin wall

**GettingToCage1:**CRmax, UL till fall into U hold wall, Zbuffer UL LJ
into Ugetup (if bonk go R into U getup), punch PB U PB punch, L ESS
getup, 2BF, FJ L (2coins) CLx2, 1ZbufferDL5U sideflip,

CL on top pole, get up till fence box like in thwomp,

**BoxCage:**

Punch CR, DL UR sideflip WK with U tap U after into cage, R corner, CR
empty punch,BF 5punch, DJ get box, ZbufferDL3J,double WK DL UR D,
neutral (either getup or ESS U getup after landing), CRmax,
Zbuffer8UL,1U,3UL,10neutral, U ESS getup, CRmax, punchx2, 3xBF with last
U tap, CRmax, D ESS getup, L ESS getup, CL max U ESS getup, CRmax
ZbufferUL J5 6U(flame init) infinite till flame out, get DJ box into U
again for flame dodge, PB neutral, CRmax, CL, ZbufferD7PB, get DJ box,

New risky strat: buffer A, Zbuffer U 3.5kick on feel DJ full mash TJ
dive into getup animation CL 12-14 punch into CL CR, 3 FJ L into DJ box
coins star grab into

Mario cam, FJ R, Zbuffer U 7neutral, FJ L into U ESS getup, CD into BF D
hold neutral landing, lakitu CL CR D ESS getup into 1U2kick3DJ TJmash
into instant neutral mash A for WK chain

Backup: if failed WK chain, go D tap, mario cam wait for cam, Zbuffer U
5 neutral U ESS getup, CR CL into R ESS getup into mario cam FJ L into
lakitu D ESS getup, mario cam CD BF D repeat

Getup, 5 after thwomp Zbuffer U neutral getup mario cam into DJ kick up
on thwomp sound into 2 beats neutral U J into starpp

ZbufferUR,4LJ 5neutral,CLmax CR, U ESS getup, CRmax, Zbuffer UL8 1,5U
(on 2start) neutral,CRmax, CL ESS up getup, 3punch, CRmax, ZbufferR3LJ D
ESS getup, mario cam CD

//If slide: 6 punch, if not, CLmax CR, U hold till slope into neutral,
then 3 punch,

Star grab: either DJ GP or 2punch BF GP

ZbufferD9neutral, D ESS into thwomp strats

U Zbuffer 4LJ6neutral,3punches, J R GP cancel,

26 coins after reds+box

61 after blue switch

76 after this box

After star grab: lakitu 9.5D into ESS D

**JRB chests:**

NewStrat:  
Enter cannon: lock into U kick 1UR 1U LJ UL into U neutral after landing
for reducing speed into cannon

into neutral cannonshot: 4.5 L turnaround full D swim 15 neutral 22 hold
A swimming into cave ground, lock the cam U Jdive rollout into U tap FJ
UR FJ U into punches for sign

Lock cam into U crouchbuffer J into U wall into L LJ mash into slide TJ
dive into L hold until wall into UL corner PB neutral delock lock again,

ChestsPart: then U J 4UL into chest1, U wall hug, punch BFx3 into punch
L till chest into UL wall U UL till corner again, L wallhug into punch
4BF fall down, L hold J neutral into chest3, go back to corner with L
UL, punch in corner 3BF hit chest4 into punches then just U J into star

Old: U hold into water, 2slow,20 swims into neutral, 4beats L, 2swim, 9U
into neutral 9swim into cave till land. Lock cam J dive U till wall,
shuffle against it, CD , mash CR lock the cam, U till wall into UL 4LJ
(after first L into UL) dmg into UL corner, UL corner PB, CDL mash, lock
cam into 1JU5PB (1st chest), BF, Zbuffer4D,Ltaps, Z buffer UR 5end
neutral, Taps chest,Zbuffer4.5D + punch, L J kick cutscene

Backup last chest: corner: U Zbuffer 3LJ 4neutral, Utap 7 punch L tap
for chest, J L

Camera backup: J L unlock wait for cam, lock again into U wall, UR till
corner, J kick BF into star

**WDW secrets:**

CR, U LJ till wall, flame into J get burned U till corner CR, extinguish
into 1J5R push box into UR till corner, U punch , Zbuffer DL 3LJ into 4L
push till secret, J getup, CR, JkickD DJ D kickinto secret2 (backup: UL
corner, CD, R sideflip R U corner, J getup box), U/UR cornerJ Rtap
getup, CD CL , Zbuffer U 3LJ, till wall into R 2LJ with CR tap on each,
second neutral, CR max DR corner, CL JR into sideflip U getup CL max CR
CL,2punch 2LJ L into UL corner, CDL max, R L sideflip WK U getup into
hold R till coin into DJ R getup, punch till read sign, Dtap DJ for
secret, CL max, lock cam Zbuffer 10 U into PB stop, switch, BF L BF UL
into corner, Jx3 UL, U DJ getup, release lock, CR, D(normal beats) 4
neutral into J final secret: CLmax CR CL, Zbuffer DR4LJ, 7D till steps
into LJ DLtap or DL hold if full motion stop on fence for star

Backup stargrab: CRmax L UL corner, PBkick CRmax into BF R for star

**WDW highwater:** BF U

**WDW vanish:** highwater

CL, ULJ UR, mario cam, 4swims D J getup, J L, Uwall, BF, lakitu CR, Dess
into getup, U 21 swims, go neutral, 4.5UL, into 3 Uswims, 3D,2neutral,
3.5UR, into 5U (corner), 6beat turnaround R, 12 swims till water gone,
then U till wall UL tap for confirmation, punch, J R GP for cap, UL U
into unref TJ WK neutral ledgegrab getup mario cam, J kick DJ U kick DJ
kick U till wall, FJ U till fall into dive, CLx2 into unref wall, lakitu
, TJ UR WK U UL x UL J into star

**JRB jetstream:**

Execution: CDL during fall into U buffer, double kick with UR tap into
LJ U, 12 swims into land U till corner, DJ UL CR 9 beats U getup neutral
for chest setup,

J GP UL buffer till water into U , count beats on music start

24beats 34.5J UL

New LockCam strat: lock under metal cap into J GP UL buffer count from
music start like DDD, 5U into 37J 38L into DL

Open Cannon: CDL on start into LJ UR LJ into neutral for water, then 7
pswims into 1-2slow (Rtap)into D hold 1 J into getup, punches till talk
into UL tap U LJ into water swim for beach corner

**THI Koopa:** chukuya corner into 3punch CL max, Zbuffer2.5LJ 4UR into
start, get fast start into DL mash dive getup, UL LJ, U LJ x2, UL LJ x3,
till fall, UR till wall into lock, 13U into bridge 5UL U alternates 2:1
, LJ into pole

DL dive mash during rollout UL, dive rollout x2, dive rollout 1x U, UL
LJ, into 2 beats walk into 2 LJ into UR till wall into lock
cam,18UL,21U, 2UL

LJ on 3UR

NewRoute2: On start shot: L 2LJ,6U 7LJ mash, (mashed) 10LJ, 12UL, 16LJx3
last, 23U into 31J 32 dive rollout mash, 37CR , // 43UL, 47L 1 beat UL
alternate 49L till wind end into DL 1 beat into L dive ;

LockCamStrat: 37CR,38lock, 43UR 45U 46LJ, recount at 50, 8U 2.5-3UL 3U
into end race

J L maybe grab pole, from pole: CRmax CL J tap from top,

New ending: CRmax CL CR into R hold fence into DR R corner, punch BF, CR
max lock into U LJ into star

**THI wiggler:**

Theory: Getup to corner normally, GP top strat into enter pipe, go top
small (kicks from mid coins on log route with lock)

//TODO try to find instant smal wallclip into wiggler setup that is
consistent , BF from chukuya corner

Normal getup strat till corner into UR get stuck in pipe CL into wall
sounds, CR, 4 5 6 kick U, 7,8,9 UR, 10 without kick PB on secret, CR,
Zbuffer DL 3J 4L,5cancel getup into pipe,get to chukuya corner like in
THI box, from mario cam ledge, Zbuffer6U into lakitu CR, D ESS into
getup, mario camD into kick DJ U into 30 kicks U till ledge grab, cancel
into wiggler room

Wiggler room: U buffer on text into instant GP, 2BF for middle of room (
might be a bit above you), GP mash till hit, after 2TB FJ(on 6st fast
beat), after second hit one TB, neutral and after 12.5 beats J GP

If get hit and no star, find corner into normalization setup: if CL UL
corner, max CL into U CR into 10BF mash for star, if no hit FJ L FJ D)

**Firesea reds:** CRx2 U 1.5 on music start LJx2 , 15.5 PB stop, R 4
coins, Ltap TJ left UL tap into coin bonk into R buffer till 1.5 bounce
PB neutral, Zbuffer U 5LJ 8R into 12 D 13 J for pole

Go up for 5 beats, 1.5 D tap into FJ red coin, normalize UL corner,
PBkick Zbuffer D 3LJ

5.5U into pole, 4xCL, D tap U into U Jdive bonk hold D 2 kicks into 2xLJ
for pole (only if I hit the heart), else normalize on corners mario cam
U kick DJ 3 GP for center, then 2xLJ D pole, 4xCR into 5beats up U tap J
onto platform, then J kick L into D taps DJ kicks for red into R center
again into D 2LJ pole, beatcount: J D hold, 18LJ 24 PB neutral J GP,
Zbuffer L 4.5 PB neutral, punch Dtap into wait for music cue, Second
going high note: D TJ late dive rollout D lavaboost, (even before)1
bounce neutral, U ESS into Zbuffer R, 5L 6sideflip 7D, 10 kick, 11 kick,
12 kick, 13 DR, 14 J, into D R wall into L LJ 4 U coins go to corner

L punch BF, J tap getup, Zbuffer U getup, wait for music cue on new
cycle: 4BF U 13.5J on second lavaboost R hold into neutral, D ESS getup
7 punch/FJ U, R for heart refill into Zbuffer U LJ pole

from pole normal setup WKs up getup, BF U land neutral, Zbuffer U into
land D into pole, CR x4 into star spawn into top J, R wall normalize,
punch DJ WK getup, U LJ U wall 1J1.5UL 4PB neutral 1up, J GP for star

Zbuffer D 3LJ DR hold (box evasion), into D 4 steps bridge into J dive
finish

TODO backup triangle overshoot coins: ledgegrab getup into Zbuffer 8.5U
?

Timings: 1:35 lavaboost

## **WF 100+reds:** 

**Beginning:** CDR, Zbuffer D, 3DR,4D4.5slidekick 8 rollout, DJ kick R
tap on death into coin,

**Mario cam Getup:** U 5coins into 4LJs U mash GP till GP, lakitu cam
into U cornerCLx2,Upunch,Lpunch, wait for audio cue into BF R/DR, J for
coin, L J kick into UL hold wall punch, CLmax CR into Zbuffer U 4J
4.5dive kill plant + get red, J kick into blue coin, U UR 11 wall sounds
into CLx2,punch,

**Moving Platforms:** R L sideflip WK dive UR get coin U hold buffer
kick, into DJ U TJ UR neutral on landing coin,

Backup: CRmax 3CL 4DLwallhugs / CR U wall, CLx2, punch repeat

CL, 1L1.5J2neutral ( D ESS getup, punchx5), J R tap GP. CRCL, change to
stopcam, Zbuffer 2.5LJ, U till wall, into CR normalize corner,

**Twomp kills:** Jtap, CR max into CLCR, Zbuffer U 7neutral 9.5pFJ 3
kicks into GP into kill, U into R wall into coins into D wall DR wall
D/DR normalize, Jtap CLmax CRCL Zbuffer U 8PB DLtill 10, J into GP
coins, DL into D DL DR D normalize, CR max CL CR, Jtap, Zbuffer R 12
neutral, 4 punch U ESS on moving sound, then mario cam

wait for getup into BF GP mario cam till 8.5th coin sound beat, into U
for PB (instant) 3 coins neutral into 4, then punch till 5, 2BF into
lakitu, CLx2(max), Zbuffer L 2.5slidekick bonk into J for coin, U hold
till plant wake up wall (2wallhugs), CR DJ kick, 4BFs, punch, CR U tap
punch into punch sign normalization

Backup if missed moving red, from cannonless corner, do setup into DJ
kick, then CR into Zbuffer UL 3LJ L hold for red continue with route,
get bridge coins in case not enough.

Backup if missed ledge: lakitu cam into CLmax CRx2 L hold wall, D into
slow L DL normallize,CRmax CL CR D DJ kick neutral into U UR go back to
plant with 5LJ into release mario into U wall CR taps U hold, cannonless
setup, mario cam on getup into J R or just corner BF 5 punch DJ mario
into U sign jump over into 180 sign normalization

**From Sign:** U CR mash after run after sign into red, U till wall into
UL hold for 5 coins, LJ aftercoins into fence, L hold till slow PB kick
into 2BF second U for tree, CRmax CL, into first part,

**Tree:** 6UR,7DR,8DL,9L, dive rollout till wall, UL till coin into
CLmax CR, J tap Zbuffer U 4LJ 6Jdive, after coin DL into D hold D into
corner, CRmax, U J until 7.5wallsounds PB, J kick, punch CL into GP L
hold for blue coins, U UL into corner, PB kick into CRmax CL, sideflip U
hold into wall, punch into 1R2J R DR polegrab, 10up into Jtap,

**BlueRing:** (might spawn star here already) CR,Zbuffer D 4L5U6UR for
coins into wall, R LJ dmg R wall into 3LJ U CRx2 into Lwall D wall L
into CRmax Zbuffer D into dive rollout on fly for red other wise mash CR
into wall into get last coins (should never happen)

(punch CRmax get 100 coin star, DR into corner PB), CRmax, punch,
Zbuffer L 4LJx2, second one U mash into star

**WF reds:**

Normal beginning: 7.5 3xLJ into GP mash, normalize red one on thwomp, UL
LJ into I get hit into U coin CL 13 crawls into punch CL lock cam into
wallkick 1L.\>UL 3J,5/6Jcoin,1UL J1 UL J 1UL, DR J into D LJ L into
wall, CR mash U till coin into pause, CL into L dmgboost into kickbuffer
L DL DL tap L LJ DL, land into R water fDL corner punch, 3U 4UR J dive,
9 rollout 10 UR LJ? normalize, 5U J kick 10 UR 11 dive ending TODO

**Aquarium reds:**

Theory:Sink specific amount of beats till coin, maybe neutral Bs to get
there, beatcounted turns for the 3 remaining up coins, from last one go
into corner into UL neutral swims hold for coin, repeat for all corners,
last beatcount for star grab

Execution: 7 neutral B, into 5 beats (ON 5 PB) L , 15 neutral A, 4.5 L
swims , 13 swims into L4.35 (early .5) 13, neutral, 4.5 R into U 15
pswim into repeat UR 7-8 red PB on sound into 1+2 count 6.5(early)UL, x3
till last coin cutscene, UL buffer till 3.5rd star spawn sound PB 17 UR
tap into 21U L hold for star

Enter Aquarium from exit course: R buffer LJ into U door, UR kick buffer
into wall, J kick U hold till wall into R hold DR 4 swoosh sounds into R
DJ getup U into aquarium

Aquarium death reentry: 2 CR U hold into corner, neutral into R 4 swoosh
into DJ getup

**JRB ship:**

**New beginning without cannon/normalization:** U hold into 2slow start
21 pswims (instant or tiny bit delayed until 21.5) pause punch B, 4 UL
into swim D 2start 7pswim neutral U 8 beats till sound change into
resurface, 6beats D into 2start swum on 11 hold A ( into neutral UR
)into entrance

CDL, Zbuffer U 5.5 LJ into water, 12 sims into U corner, into getup U
5LJ 9UR till corner, 2 punch into 7 beats neutral ,CL, into CR (2 for
pseudo) PB D 2,5 beats into PB neutral

Swim:

9swims into neutral full D, 6beats D, 9D, neutral, 12 full up , 9U till
surface (listen for sound cue of eel), 11D 11.5 neutral A hold

TODO: check 2nd chest forward tap idea till sound

(NewStratOnlyIL: neutral cannonshot beginning with 4.5 L turn , 8fast
after 1-2 , 6 slowswim into back up 10 fast full U into 3UR PB, on 11
fast swim neutral for hole into neutral)

InsideShip:

Uhold 6 beats into 6 punches, start slow swim,5U 3.5UL, 4U,
7(instant)UL, (UR tap during this) 8U, b till chest neutral (tiny bit
before like 4.80) 5UR,5U, neutral 6UR into 5A hold into last chest

5.25beats turnaround, lock cam, wait for water into U slide 2times out
of water for mid of first platform, Zbuffer UL 3J 5U 6kick 8 kicks into
UR 9 J 11.5 GP into neutral, Zbuffer UR instant J into kicks into let
kick go and slide, then U J x2 into star box

ObsoleteEnding: locate non water platform into PB UR PB for angle, kick
DJ UR TJ onto next platform, check if U next platform, else U kick TJ U
hold U into R J GP for star

Old:normalize corner behind metal cap, CLmax, CR, PB D buffer, neutral
on fall, strat swimming part up and down to eel and back in order to
enter ship, strat pausebuffered swimming into the ship form neutral
position, ending can be normalized but try to make it fast

**DDD reds:**

Beginning same as DDD sub until switch, 6BFs into 3punch into PB D U
sideflip UL into getup (if no getup, down ESS without break till getup),
lakitu into CL, ZbufferU 4neutral, CR Zbuffer 4 neutral, U ESS getup,
wait for music cue:

Fast cycle: last slow beat end + 1.5 beats (2 after slow) into beatcount
from fast: CRx2, J on 19, 4 D CLx3, wait till red into U 8J UR 4 into
grab, get both coins into 2CL U hold 8J dive, 10 swims into J up onto
land, renormalize

go up with crouchbuffer CRx2 , lakitu CD J DR tap into switch into U
till wall into run instant UR LJ endU getup , 3BFs on boxes ( first R
tap )

Mario cam U ESS into getup , lakitu into CLx3,

Zbuffer 4.5U into neutral U ESS, J beatcount from 1 till pole, 6U into
2D coin 3D coin , 9drop into Zbuffer 3D LJ till water, wait for surface
into 3 ESS swims Jump out renormalize climb normal way again ,

Lakitu on getup, Zbuffer 3.5U into J beatcount from 1 till pole, CLx2, U
11J, 4CR 10J, 4CR 10J neutral landing, 5 punches, CL, 16.5J into star
spawn , U normalize into CR, PB kick CLx3, U wall PB punch, PB U , 11
ESS U swims into J on land normalize again

Lakitu into CRx3, Zbuffer U 3LJ UR into star

TODO neutral pole J testing with punches from ESS up better timing

**DDD chests:**

**// DDD has slow vs fast camera ticks like in CCM WARNING: CHECK YOUR
STRATS**

2.75URbuffer into neutral into U till wall stuck, 20 swims, 5UL turn , 6
swims into 11slow swims, 4.5UL 5B, 4.25UL, 2A into chests into U 11
swims surface into 10swim hold till land

JumpFish1:CR max into PB U into Jdive CR Utap till bonk, A hold till
land into CRmax, Utap punch cancel into J kick R hold,

Chest3: (slow camera tap(both))

New: 2slowswims into 7pswims into 4UL pswims into 2U pswims into chest
(neutral a bit to avoid fall), full D for surface 1-2 R into swim to
wall

PB L into full 6U 2slow swim 8(instant)UL 12/12.5 neutral into 11D
surface , 3R turn, 3 neutral till land, normalize with CRmax, Jdive bonk
setup as before, normalize in corner as before, CRmax, PB DL hold A
11fastswim till land, CR max PB U into J dive wall normalize,

after 3 Jdives and no wall backup: CL max into PB R Jdive till bonk

//CLmax R tap Jdive bonk means to the right, else too far, test after
2-3 Jdives, then turn back till bonk, renormalize with

**Last chest:(fast cam(both))** CR max DL PB, full 6U, 7slowswim into
1UR slowswims into 3neutral 10.5pswims (bit before) punch, PB fast into
D hold (5) till chest (8) into swim till into surface TODO check

6.5R, 8.5 surface into CLmax into R PB, 4 Jdive bonk (if no bonk, CR max
PB U bonk), PB L (slowswims) 21 swims, PB neutral,

New: 4.25R, into 2B 6U swim into star

Old:5R into 6U into swim (tiny bit forward D) for star

CLmax, PB UR, Jdive lots (17) until bonk,

(in case of no wall hit, punch J bonk)

into D PB neutral swim, full D 2slow into 10 swim PB UR A hold into 7
stop into neutral chest 6 fast swims, normalize on wall, 4.5UR, U till
surface into D PB D into

DL circle till top into PB, 5R PB into 2slow into 8 fast into hold till
start into neutral, 5R hold A 7 D fast swim till top chest, 5R, 2slow
into 1 neutral into 7D into neutral into a punch into let yourself fall
into the star

//TODO check acceleration of water turns

**JRB eel:**

Get into cannon, shoot on audio cue, Zbuffer U 3J U hold, 5slow swims
into 7fast swims, 8th neutral 9PB stop holding A, hold D, on 23.25 hold
A into cutscene go neutral into 8U fast swim into star

For star grab try tiny neutral tap during going down

Backup if no star grab: 20 neutral into slow swim UL 9L into star

**Wingcap Reds:**

**\!\!\! ESS ADAPTER CHANGES OUTPUT WHILE FLYING**

Theory:Dbuffer 2 updowns, then neutral till coin, DL one updown, neutral
into up 1 beat or so, then 2L into next coins,1R, neutral into L into
next coins, R into GP for stage, get last ones from there (try to do all
4), normalize between the walls

Execution: count instant beats buffer D, 15 beats PB neutral 12PB (27)
(2coins);

10 (4triplecount, right before 10)DL(direct),11neutral, on3(super
direct) PBneutral, 4(really instant)L(buffer), 4PB(instant) U 4PB, into
count: 1 neutral 2D(late?), 3.5DL , 8.5(late, after slowing sound) PB
neutral 7.5GP(on mario sound), 2 CL crouch into U ess ledge getup
normalize

TODO: too far left: CLx2 crouchbuffer into U ESS getup

and too far right setups

CUP cancel CD punch, J L taps until ledge, getup BF, 3punch, CUP cancel
CD, L ESS into getup CUP cancel CD, Zbuffer U 8wall, 1J 4neutral J GP
for WC

//if wrong alignment: 4 wall hugs on switch into PB

PB D 180 CUP cancel CD, U till wall/switch, Jtap getup

Normalize on switch, 5 punches 8 D beats flight,DL during star animation
into 32DL 7GP, punch GP, else J R for star

//33, 10 GP 3J R

After 3+4. PB D into 5, 5DL,PB 1neutral, 1L,1U, 4neutral coins, into 9DL
hold, 6.5 GP, 3 CR

//Katun24: same beginning until 3+4, then pause 10.5 pause , 1 beat U
into 5L, 4R + R tap, 9neutral into coins till slow

**SL Cannon opening:** from VC position, Zbuffer L 9.5 punch till open,
hold lock into Zbuffer L 3LJ into U 2 dives till wall into UL U exit
reenter

**WDW 100 + reds: (40 seconds cannon opening)**

**New tunnel: new vanish tunnel strat but 22.5 pswims into corner**

NewStrats27.03.2022: blue coin switch from corner: Zbuffer D 6 PB
neutral (2-3 slide), CL max CR CL into J L tap onto switch, CL max, U
ESS tap, J GP U for 4-5 ticks (if on 5th tick no wall: half UR wallhug),
into PB neutral, PB kick into CL CR CL, Zbuffer D into 2 coins CL 3
coins LJx2 into bonk, CR max into U UL corner, get box into L wall D
hold 5 LJ into wall CRmax into D hold 4 boxes with D, then CLx2 into
Zbuffer 4.5 UL LJx2, new box: get up and do setup from there with ESS R
tap

On CoinPillar: only get 3 coins D into L then getup sign

NewDowntown, activate water into full surface swim for health, then lock
cam into U for house wall, PB neutral, CLx2 into LJx2 into wall CL max
into U UL correct corner

New LJ from red1to2: FJ L into Zbuffer U 6LJ into box

Get first spider, kill boxes, kill second spider,

**blue coin switch** (CL max into 1J 2GP,7R,9D, 12 DR tap, 13DL 14L last
coin U, UL corner( or if flat side UR into UL corner), get secret 1
5beats into sacred two, push block 17 beats with U wall punch, 3punch
into FJ DJ kick for coins + secret, go to warp, cannon, 16Zbuffer 18R
19punch, long row, 3box, circle + secret, last secret, 3 box, 5 coins,
double stars

Red skip: CLmash into Zbuffer6.5 8J dive, DESS, Zdrop into hold A 2
swims into 15-16 pswims, normal red route,

CRx2, wait for sound into Zbuffer UR 4.5 GP into coins, CL LJ UL U J
getup into UL J kick into GP mash until enemy is dead, CL mash into UL
wall into U till getup, CL max into Zbuffer D 5.5neutral on wall, CL max
CR CL into J L onto switch,

**BLUESWITCH:** CR max into 1J 2GP DR buffer, 6.5 L ,10DL, 11L, 12UL,
13U 14UL,15U with tap last coin UR (backup: DL full into last coin), U
Jtap into D R sideflip U getup , CLmax CR CL Zbuffer L 2LJ into UL,
corner, punch, CLmax, sideflip RL WK up getup, R buffer till coin into
PB DR, 1-2R1-2UR1-2UL1-2 till coin into D DJ getup, 6punch U tap punch
sign normalizaion, CL max into R tap J DJ box coins, Zbuffer U 3LJ 7R
wall into DR till run into punches till switch, 2BF second delayed R
into UR 3J getup ,CR, Zbuffer3.5D PB punch into J DJ box coins, CL
ZbufferU 3LJ UR into coins till wall, 1L 2CL into all the coins, UL
normalize corner, J CL max, ZbufferR (LATE 6\!\!\!)6J7.5Jdive into
getup, DESS into Zcancel A hold, 16pswims, normal route of reds till
corner of 3rd red

AfterBlues: L LJx2 till wall, U till wall into UL corner L PB kick,
3punch BF GP for coin rain, renormalize into D tap into CUP lock U till
wall,delock CR max into D hold getup CUP cancel, box 1, do 4 boxes with
2 punch DJ combo (J L tap on 3rd), Zbuffer UL 4LJ x2 into U hold till
corner, CDLmax U into top setup until wooden platform, then after PB
neutral U J into wall with coins, J R J L for one coin, then CDL max
into D hold for 2 coins,L hold for two coins into UR DJ getup

**WDW reds:**

Try to go up in water for health refill before it runs out

From vanish corner: U punch, CL, Zbuffer R 4LJ into U UL corner CL mash
lock cam punch into DJ WKx3 into neutral, UL into getup (can go a bit
faster), Zbuffer R 5 neutral J DJ kick into coin or D tap if not, then
Zbuffer U into 4LJ 4.5UL till wall, U infinite walk neutral J GP into
4punch into coin, R into bonk, U D R siddeflip onto wall into UR fall
into L wall into PB kick DJ GP box, then L R U sideflip get red into get
down again, Zbuffer R LJ U into corner, delock into

8COINS: Zbuffer DR 4LJ 6L 9LJ into L UL corner

PB kick from corner into DJ GP kill box into PB U D L sideflip get coin,
delock, do the rest normally

CL mash into L DL while mashing till grab getup normalize, crouchbuffer
3xCR into 4BF DJ L taps till coin, UR till wall, CL mash till run into
LJ punch box into 1.5beats U into punches till coin, ZbufferR 3LJ 6 U
into UL normalize corner, ( even with CR U UR corner),

Zbuffer 2.5 LJ U into building till wall, punch BFx2, crouchbuffer CLx2,
normalize on box with UR PB; punch into U into coin,

5coins: L into wall into U PB punch, CDL mash U into coins until water
corner UL , PB CRmash U into unref wallkick R getup, 1.5FJ R

crouchbuffer CL, J R, (first kick)kick U into FJ DJ TJ mash dive rollout
U till wall into 3.5 wall sounds into DJ kick onto box, J GP for red
coin ( in case of failure: just UL hold U into corner for unref TJWK,
CR, after getup: FJ R and a bit more J R, punch into Zbuffer 3.5 red
coin,

5COINS.: R hold into 1-2 coins into U hold 3 coins PB CUP cancel ,punch
CR + Zbuffer U 3LJ 4UR into fall GP mash, U into UL UR normalize get
last coin into DJ getup CUP cancel,

Punch lock cam D Tap into BFs for last coin

(IF hit and fall down:

Zbuffer UL 4LJ into getup U hold into cancel getup into GP UR corner
normalize 6 UL wallsounds )

, 2 crouchbuffer CL into Zbuffer UR, 4LJ 7.5U

J getup, lock cam, punch, D ESS into BF, hold U into star spawn, release
lock, CUP mash into cancel, U ino wall, PB kick, U DJ U J into star,

Ending, pole into CDL mash, Jtap into D ESS getup, CDL mash into 2CR,
lock into Zbuffer 3D into Ess D

OLD: 5 BFs into UL hold normalize CD mash, press up into sideflip RL U
getup, hold R for coin into fall down, on water hit U again into
normalize corner, U tap into D U L sideflip getup, 3J Ls into red coin,

**Backup if bonk: L till box UL corner into J over it into U UR corner
do 70 climb with TJ**

**SSL top:** get into pyra like pyra without ending, dive into
entranceInside: 2LJ U, into wall into CL, U slidekick till wall UL PB
normalize, (if goomba hit, hold L into neutral U normalize again),
PBkick, Zbuffer 3.5U sideflip getup hold L J into pole, 10 climbs ,
CRmax U tap J DR into wall R corner, CL max U unref wallkick TJ UR into
U , CLmax UR tap U J into corner,CL again, Rtap CUP lock into U LJ LJ
mash till corner,

CL, 2LJ R, CR Ltap, around 7-10 UR BFs (listen to the interval of
sounds), CL, 1 R LJ UR mash till bonk U corner, CL, get shocked into
Zbuffer R 4LJ 5neutral, R J into pole, climb up 13, CRmax, into FJ.
2CDR, Zbuffer L 4.5LJ6ULtap

Getup CRmax CL (from wall corner) ,D ESStap, 3BF into BF UR U hold into
corner, PB kick

BF into star

(if instant grab after deathjump: mario cam into U wall into lakitu
CRmax U hold till getup into normal strat)

**SSL secrets:** beginning same as pyra until hangable ceiling top, then
J into bonk, neutral J U hold getup into U UL corner, PBkick into CRmax
Zbuffer D into 4U5J sideflip corner, 2J U into getup, CL max into U same
strat till secret 2, hang

Getup BF, into land, 2 punch, punch dive instant combo

Zbuffer UL 3LJ into cutscene

26 sounds into 1 beat kicks for safe star grab

**Cloud to RR:** CUP cancel into Zbuffer U LJ x2 U wall into UL hold
till corner, into usual setup

**CloudReentry: just reset console (depends on situation)**

**Obsolete:** swim neutral till land, U into grass sound into CR LJ ,
CRx2(one pseudo) into LJ UL into UR for door, (if lock cam: D hold
punch, Zbuffer UR LJ into UR hold into U for door),go tippy door, do
entry (total 30 seconds)

**CloudEntry:** same as RR but mirrored, Zbuffer UL 3.5LJ4U till corner
DJ URtap getup, CLmash into BF L BF neutral punch U into J tap for entry

**Cloud reds:**

CD, Zbuffer CD mash D 6LJ into snow getup, Zbuffer 5U, punches till
coin, 1BF, 2CL crouch U, Zbuffer U 5LJ , 11 neutral, getup J R (not
super full) ,J U, 2-10 punch talk open cannon, buffer U during talk into
grab cannon edge, punch J GP for wingcap (JR taps if not) into J R red
coin,DL getup hold Z cannon, all the way U, shoot on 15.5(rather late)
GP into coin, (if miss, PB turnaround 180 into punch till coin)
otherwise turnaround into TJ flight 11 beats from TJ into GP , U into
cannon again getup JR into BF punch x2 J GP into UL buffer cannon
(refresh wingcap first)

Going to cannon2: all the way U into DR buffer on 12(very early or
rather 11.5) PB into neutral

New start: GP on 20 into cannon (if no cannon, U ESS getup CUP lock into
Zbuffer 4.5 U into R ESS L ESS for cannon)

VineRed: lock cam in UL cannon, neutral A 4PB , D\!R 6PB, (6GP),D into
Dtap for 1 up check (if no 1up, do same strat with UL J to next pole;
backup: 4 beats R if fall from 1up pole, or 4 beats D if no 1up URJ Z)

4beats U into Zcancel get coin, get out of cloud , then JF R Zbuffer D 3
J GPfor WC

Back with 15 beats GP,

SecondShotAfterPole: Max UL into 10.5 DR buffer into 7 neutral GP,

J L coin, 2J R GP wingcap, 2J R full, J GP for WC, (maybe 1 punch
needed)

2 JR(not full jumps) from box, Zbuffer U 5 neutral till coin,

180 PB turn (wait for camera), Zbuffer U 5LJ 9 neutral into cannon (hold
A) (if cannon missed: J L a bit into D ESS with lock cam into cannon

Neutral cannonshot, DL buffer 10PB 7.25neutral PB, D into coin cutscene

DL buffer during cutscene into 22(very early, the earlier the better) DL
into 10 GP(as soon as the swoosh fly part starts, 10 might be late)

J D into 4J R for star

NewEnding: 21.5 into 10 GP (on whoosh, if before whoosh then too far in
front), then JR into BF for star, if no star: JR( not 100% full into J U
GPs till WC, then BF into J L for star

**DDD manta:**

**New ending: 3(late)R turn into corner normalization, slow cam L buffer
into 11 p swims, 10 neutral into 10 slowswims into 4 fast swims for
star**

**NEWSTRAT:**

**5.5-6 turn, PB, instant A slowswims 3 into 4U into 4 neutral into ring
sound into L hold into fast swim (AFTER L) for last ring, then surface
into 3.5L 3punch, backup strat**

**//Maybe new: instant PB A hold into 4slow, 4U,4neutral, fast swim L
into last**

Theory: bit left 8 neutral, 16U, 5UL, 6D (ring1),4 neutral 1L
3DL,1D,1neutral,2D,1DR, 1R last

Star grab: get sucked from above

PÃœÃ„

2.5(late)URneutral, 2fast, 4 U fast, wait neutral ,L 5 beats, 1unpause
4uswims with U DL etc. 2neutral, 1R, 3 fast swim into delay 5L into 4L
into neutral pray that you get it other wise neutral into 7U swim
(perfect sims faster for speed)

NewStrat: 4 pswims into 4.5 neutral start counting: 5.75instant or late
5.5 after 4.5 , instant 2slow, 1U 1neutral 1 U till ring (keep
holding\!\!\!) into on 4DL hold 1.5 L into 4 neutral into 2beats let go
into D full swim into hold slowswim, on spawn just full D into U, then
surface into 2 punch 4beats L into 3 punch

1L 3 neutral into 5 wait U neutral swims into swim for star

2neutral instant U into 2pswims, 1 pswim , 1 pswim L hold A

3neutral, 5L into DL for star

If no star: 3 beats neutral into full D hold fast swims

//3rd ring needs to be middle; so tiny bit more down, then readjust last
ring with DL taps

//with slowswim L after 3rd ring, 4.5 slowswims into 2DR for star, at
the end into neutral D hold 2 beats into D fast swims for star or
surface

From surface backup: 6U into 2slow into 6Pswims into 8.5neutral with
6.5D into A hold for getting back up, 9 slowswims into neutral into slow
swim into fast swim for star

//if fish hit: rather go up fast as they can push you down into the
jetstream =\> no instant U kills

///3neutral, 4L, 3.5beats neutral if super early

Backup: first two: 4 swims, 2 neutral 4 swims

**DDD Jetstream:** normal strat till second redcorner, DJ UL getup, DJ
into VC corner (2nd red barrier), R wall into URPB wallhug, J lock into
Zbuffer D 5 PB neutral, A hold, two neutral swims into 4.5(midlate)
pswims into 7U till star spawn, 6 L turnaround, 4D swims to surface, 9
swims ESS down, jump out, into CR corner find again, go over both red
walls, 3 punches to metal platform, UR hold into normalization corner,

punch, lock J R GP into metal cap UL renormalize, punch, Zbuffer 38UR
with 35 tiniest U tap

OldStrat:CD mash, punch, FJ R GP for metal cap, UL normalize again, CU,
PB right into water, CL at 13 into U hold into star ; 2:23

**SSL Eyerock:** U LJ into U walk 4 steps LJ into mash A kick dives x3,
then UL into A mash till on floor, UL corner ,PB kick into CRmax CL,
Zbuffer L 5.5L 6UR corner

CLmax (no CD), Zbuffer DR 4LJ, getup, J R tap, CUP cancel zBuffer 8
beatsU , normalize L, 12 punches, DJ R hold let down, CUP cancel, U hold
kick 2.5 neutral U,

lock cam into U hold till wall, delock, CUP cancel (slowly),lock cam
into U J, chill until initialize fight from top TBs, CLmax U till wall
into UL corner, J L tap getup UL corner,

U tap into D ESS tap into CUP lock cancel, into DR corner, PB kick

Setup like usually but invert controls

7D 8 punch after eyerock hit floor, in case of special attack hold
straight D corner repeat

New Idea: CL max into CR D tap CUP cancel into lock,

CLmax U till wall into UL corner, J corner, PB kick into down

Def kill one hand first then second is trivial

Kill1: BF 2R mario cam, 5 U 6.5 punch BF beats,

If special attack and not hit: CR mash U corner UL FJ getup ,4
wallsounds U into CL into PB kick reset, start with left hand now

Timings: count stomp beat, on first hit: count all and continue from
absence: 2D 3(late) punch, then no hit 7D 8punch after stomp 1

New strat: lock cam corner into punch BF bounce GP, D hold into BF
punchx2 into J kick L hold into neutral for infinite bounce, afk kill
eyerock or if bad pattern hold D return to corner repeat, second phase J
R tap into J GPs for kill , CUP lock into U FJ getup U J GP star

**MetalCap Reds:**

2TB, Kick, 2LJ, UL till wall, 2UR LJ, 3UL LJ, 1neutral, 2.5R LJ,UR into
corner get red1, L red2 into U UL corner normalize, PB, punch 2BF D ESS
getup, crouchbuffer2 CR, Zbuffer U 4.5J 6.5J into 8neutral, 2xcrouchCR,
ZbufferU early 3.5, punches till red, FJ L, J D tap into switch getup,
save, zbuffer 3.5U into ESS up ledgegrab getup, CUP cancel, Zbuffer L
3J,5neutral, punch into 8 beats CDR mash , lock cam into D ESS getup,
7punches delock into CDR into lock, JGP for cap into UL buffer, on water
hit U into coin PB, 4 beats D into 4 beats R, into U into L UL L for red
cutscene, DR buffer into 2beats J, star

//NOTE: only ESS crawls

Backup 3rd coin last: 4DL 5UR J

**MetalCap Entry:** like nessy but just U during oob, land into neutral,
Zbuffer L 5.5 U 7J J again into UL door, kick buffer into 2xUL LJ into
hold for entry

**BitDW Reds:**

Same beginning with 8.5 PB neutral into 3 punches, Zbuffer U 3.5
neutral, punch, Zbuffer, 2R,3L, 5LJ DL L count on switch,

From wall: 1J 2kick 3J 4dive 5neutral, D buffer on getup, 12.5 neutral
punch into coin, Zbuffer U 5 neutral into L ESS getup, Zbuffer R 4LJx2,
10.5 neutral into 3 punch, Zbuffer 3.5D into D ESS

From getup: 2.5R4.5UR, 4.5R 5LJ,10+11+12+13 kick R wall

NEW: 2.5R 4UR 4.5LJU UL ,

RNG Elevator 1BF L 3 neutral, 9BFL, CR, zbuffer 4LJ 5UL 6CL U bridge,
same bitdw till crystal,

NEW STRAT: 5LJ 6neutral getup, FJ L into Zbuffer U 4neutral, U ESS getup
punch, on timing: full new cycle+1: 1Zbuffer U, 6.5PB, UL 7.5J 8.5 GP 13
D LJ

same setup but 5 UR into wall hug getup, R tap into BF punchx3, ESS up
into getup,

8BF mash 18BF, 23 BF

ESS backflip wallkick: 1BF 2L 4WKR

Elevator1: long note start BF L, 2L neutral , 5L 9UL 10J 11 dive 12U

From crystal: 4UR, R into BF 2punch, Zbuffer 3.5LJ 5 neutral, 3.5U into
ESS U, on 3rd loop dududu faster notes release into GP mash for cycle
3rd BF L

7.5 start BF mash, 18.5GP 22BF x3

On second red: 2 Beats into Zbuffer D5 neutral ,

Zbuffer D 3.5LJ, Zbuffer, 3LJ, 4UR 5neutral 2punches, , get hit, red CL,

New Strat: D J GP turnaround, BF U x2 into UR tap into U ESS getup, CR
continue

Zbuffer U 5J 6UR 7 neutral ESS up, into CR U till wall, getup kill
goomba if possible, Zbuffer U 3LJ, 9 beats/ or on walk UR into wall, U
into wallhug, PB,CR, punch, DJ WK neutral into getup Zbuffer DR 3 R 4.5
neutral punches into red, , Zbuffer 4.5L into ESS L getup, 7punches
Zbuffer U into last red,sideflip wk setup for switch into singlejump
stairs, on last one J on 6 into star, then mario cam U for pipe wall
into J getup in there

New beginning jump: J3(after 3)5J5(on 5)D7neutral red ; then new audio
cue : TB on start of music cycle into full repetition cycle wait,
Zbuffer U on new 1 7PB neutral, hit red into 4D 4.5J 6.5LJ neutral,

**BOB 100 + reds:**

Backups/Optimizations after secondrun:

Sign corner: U wall into full R till slide into then UR for
normalization

Instant WC to cannon: instant on wallsound PB kick into neutral flight
into neutral land into Zbuffer U 3LJx3 into cannon

No mario cam after shot 1+2 + Important: dive during going back to sign
after 1+2

2nd flight cannon: 13GP, ZbufferD3DL cannon

For 5 row after LJ mountain: CLmax D hold into cannon (risky)

//select star 3+

//notes: pitch doesnt need worry since cannonshot + ledgegrab possible

Yaw: onpe neutral flight before every cannon shot from island / or do WC
cannon setups = just calculate yaw from previous strat to cannons

//Pullback: go to tree every time before cannonshot **ALWAYS RESET
PULLBACK**

Guaranteed coins:36 4x9 coins air + 9 safe ring + 15 3x5 straights + 16
reds + 8 ring = 86 coins + 2-3 box - 4-6 = 80 guaranteed coins,

Coins from goombas/poles needed 16 coins from poles + goombas + enemies
(assume 21 coins)

CHAINCHOMP LOG: 6 beats for recharge, Zbuffer on beat 6 into DL until
get hit into delock U till gate,

**ChainchompStrat:** gate corner into CLmax, PB neutral, CL PB 2beats L
PB, punch, 3BF, 9punches, CR, J L tap 2 neutral, CL, lock cam into
beatcount bark 6.5th beat into Zbuffer DL until hit into delock into CL
mash L into UL wall UR till gate corner

Half beat Ryaw

Lines: line 4 Rside 6 with neutral 13 GP

Line 2 Rside 5 with 12.5 maxU

First shot 2cannon 9.5ESSU = 11 coins / 12 with 1beat R yaw = all middle
ones + 1 each ring R side, halb beat Ryaw p

After first: 6DL13GPLyaw with 2cannon 9.5ESSU = 6 more 7.5GP (3 coin
sounds)

1ring5 3ring4 2ring6 1ring7

Rest from standing into TJ wingcap, left side with 2Dtap 6 more coins,

Very out most right side of cannon, TJ into counted flight: another 6
coins, total 32/26 TLDR enough coins YEEEES

4x9 airborne, 6 or 3 per flight.

IF 4x6 only: 24coins , leave 12 coins in air = 74 guaranteed ; 26 poles
/goombas

\= not enough

IF 4x6,2x3 = 30 coins , 6 air = 80 guaranteed = 20 poles/goombas //6
trips = 5 coins per trip

Throw box 0-3 coins, beginning box 1-3 coins, row of coins under bridge
5, 8 reds a 16 coins, 12-16 coins from poles needed

**  
**

Cork box 1-3 + box 2pp-3 , 5 bridge (10), cap island, 5 beats, 2CR U LJ
into tree, up get full ring 1, into J L tap cannon, (12 red 1), 9.5 into
star spawn, (around 13+ total 25), land full U into CL U UL corner, get
cork into back to corner, lock into throw rng some,

9x4 rings,

44 free + reds ( 2/6 box), +9 first ring (53), 4x9 rings (+36, 89 total,
but we wont get all), 66 total after one shot, (2/3 goombas on koopa) 67
(â…” goombas behind cannon), 70, second fly round 5 coins 75, â…” goombas
reds, 78, around 15 from poles needed, , you will need all coins from
rings somehow, chain chomp pole too

//fence normalization CL U leads to goombas

Tree wingcap cannon:CR max U on tree, Jtap BF 4punch, J L GP cap DR
buffer into cannon

**Strats:**

Goomba kill: hit 3GP into J kick

**First goombas:** do chainchomp beginning strat until second goomba U
into lure him down (BF) kill, D into second goomba kill,

**5coin row:** CDLmax mash U into wall/slope, PB U wallhug, CLmax,
punch, Zbuffer L 5.5neutral, CR, L hold into 5 coins till wall, J hold
into release for bridge clip getup, CRmax lock, 3 LJ U into UR dive
rollout UR U UR till corner normalize, release lock,

**Normalizecorner beginning to cannon:** CRmax BF CR Zbuffer D into
ledgegrab

**Boxes:** ledgegrab cannon getup, CR, Zbuffer 7D into wall PB, DR
4beats PB neutral J getup, 3punch into JGP DJ kick for coins, CR,
Zbufffer R 3.5 neutral, punch into box, U J CR x4 into CR mash for 5
beats into PB, Zdrop into BF into J D x2 into CR throw into explosion U
corner (get 1-2coins hopefully)

Cannon setup

**Beginning of stage:**

Max DL into shoot, land

Goomba kills: Zbuffer U 6neutral, kill all 3 goombas, U wall, into CR
mash UL hold wall U corner, normalize

PBkick, CLmax CR, U J getup, J L tap, Zbuffer U 2.5 neutral punch till
box, 3 J D into CRmax, Utap into throw wait for explosion into U CR
corner normalize

**VeryBegining:** go to cannon with hold U Zcancel

**From pole delock to normalized corner:** CDRmax into U wall UR wall U
corner normalize

**From normalized corner to tree:** CL into J, Zbuffer R 3LJ 5DR 6LJ

**Pole1:** CL PBkick, BF, PB 1-2U PBkick, punch, beat 1J 2R tap
2.5neutral, CUP , lock into Zbuffer DL for pole1, 16J into DL back,
delock

**Pole2: CL** PBkick, 1-2U into 1-2UL wallhug, J ledgegrab Zcancel, 5BF
(red coin) 8punches CR CUP, lock into Zbuffer DL 16J into neutral delock
normalize

**NewPole2:** CL U PBkick, 2BF into BF R PB on land, FJ R PB neutral,
CUP, CRCLCRlock DL around pole

**Pole3:** tree into CRmax Jtap(as tiny as possible) into CL crouch
counterclockwise crawl into coins, CRmax into D J tree

**Pole3Different strat:** CRmax into Jdive 5punch CUPcancel into lock
Zbuffer DR 16 J DL into =\> try to refind tree with J tap Ds onto pole
into CR max

**Pole4: from tree** CRmax CL, Utap, Jtap red coin CR, 2punches, CUP,
UtapGP, 12 punches, lock into DL 16J, normalize to corner again

**LastRed+StarGrab:** U PBkick into 4BF into Zbuffer R into last red,
neutral during cutscene, CR, R LJ

**From corner go to ringtree, red3+4:** CL U beatcount 1J 9LJx2, CLmax
CR, U J beatcount, 6CR,8LJ, 9L, 13kick, 15 kick, 16DL 17kick into red,
DR hold till getup animation into R fence

Sideflip WK up on fence, CR, 2punch into instant Uhold into corner (bomb
might explode)

CDL into lock cam (L wall PBkick BF into wait for bomb aggro DJ kick
evade till explode into renormalize

L wall PBkick BF, punch U till coin, D LJ L into wall UL into corner

Neutral CD, Corner punch into CD, Zbuffer D till 29 Z cannon

**NewRingFromTree:** CRmax Jtap into CRmax CL CR, Zbuffer U 3L 4D 5R,6J,
CLmax CR

**CannonToMountain:** Neutral shot into bonk, CL, Zbuffer 9U till
ledgegrab, getup, L into wallhug, PBkick BF, 3punch CR, Zbuffer L
sideflip on last coin into neutral landing,

Renormalize: U wall CL twice hold U, DL PB kick BF 3punch

CLmax, Zbuffer U 6LJ 6.5neutral into 3 punch(last coin),3BFs into cannon
punches into cannon, Dmax into landing, mario cam FJ L into Zbuffer U
into cannon

Tree to wc: CRmax fullJ into BF into J GP, CLx2 Zbuffer U getup into BF,
3punch UESS getup switch lock to mario, mariocam down

**LastFlightToPoles:** do neutralRside setup into 6U, neutral flight
into â…” coins, then 13U into land,

**From 3rd flight to chomp gate:** lakitu UR into wall, CL max mash U
hold till gate, UR till wall into U till corner

**ChainchompStrat:** gate corner into CLmax, PB neutral, CL PB 2beats L
PB, punch, 3BF, 9punches, CR, FJ L (not full, but close to full), CL,
lock cam into beatcount bark 6.5th beat into Zbuffer DL until hit into
delock into CL mash L hold till wall into U wall UR wall U corner

Start star here:

**0.5RyawFlight:** D after shoot into 6DR 6.5GP, CL into L walk with
0.75DL tap L cannonledge, Zcancel, 9.5ESS U strat, 7.25GP(right during
cutscene) hold A for falldmg,

CDR into CDLmash into lock cam Zbuffer UL 5LJs into slope rollout into
UL rollout again,delock into CLmax CR CL , 2LJ U bonk, into R rollout
into UR, U PBkick BF L tap into punch sign normalize

9 =\> 20/22coins

0 =\> 14coins

**New getback from 0.5Ryaw:** mario CR crouchcancel into CUP lock into U
UL into slope into L wall U slope delock, CLmax CR CL straight cam, UR
into slope ,sign normalization

**Sign to cannon:** CDL max, CR Zbuffer U into 6neutral(5wc bgm) wall
into PBkick, 3 punches into J GP punchx3, CL, J GP cap into Utap mario
cam same setup, fly over fence into L DL corner, CLmax CR CL punch
Zbuffer U LJ mariocam into LJ UR tap LJ full UR U hold into cannon

Backup from behind cannon: CRmax into lock into U 6LJ into delock
straight cam into repeat

Old:into land after fence, L DL (between) normalize corner PB, punch,
CLmax CR CL, Zbuffer U 3LJx3, 8UR into cannon

**13LyawFlight:** D after shoot into 6DL 13GP, 1D into DL into cannon or
CLmax into R J D tap tree

L into cannon, 9.5ESS U into neutral shot 7.5GP, redo sign normalization

14 =\> 23/24 (last GP â…” coins)

**neutralRsideFlight:**

WC cannonshot setup 5 beats D GP into CL L hold getup, into CLmax R J
with D tap into tree, CRmax with long climb into FJ land BF into CLmax
CR CL J GP wingcap into Zbuffer U into getup BF, 3punch into UESS getup

mario cam CUP cancel into CD,

**NewTJCoinRingStart:** Zbuffer U 6PB neutral, count from TJ, 5Utap 7D
9neutral 11GP(on coins)

**New yaw strat:** 5U 11GP, Zbuffer L 5.5 neutral into J U into D into
ledgegrab, getup CLmax CR CL, on position: J tap,6Dtap, 9U11 neutral
,12.5GP

Old:TJ count 5to6D 9U10neutral 14 GP

Upon landing get hit (probably) hold UR into R till run into UR gate UR
run till wall into U corner lakitu cam CRmax

Instant UR on landing wall, do chainchomp setup into

Corner again, CRmax into punch, Zbuffer D 1LJ DR 3LJs into fall or slope
into corner normalize

24=\> 32/33

Need 39/45

**neutralLsideFlight(LastOne):** WC cannnonshot setup into CL L hold
getup, into CLmax R J with D tap into tree CRmax CL CR into Jtap into CL
D ESS getup, BF, 3punch CL U ESS getup mario cam CUP cancel CD into

NewStrat: Zbuffer U 6PBneutral, J L tap (DJ GP = 2coins),

Same flight as neutralR side: Zbuffer U 6PB neutral, count from TJ,
5Utap 7D 9neutral 11 no GP 18 GP

Lakitu cam into CR max UL U for corner

New yaw strat: 5U 11GP, Zbuffer L 5.5 neutral into J U into D into
ledgegrab, getup CLmax CR CL, on position: J tap,6Dtap, 9U11 after coins
U till slow flight speed,19 U into land, kill goombas continue

Do ring and reds2 and mountain coins

**FromMountainCannonToTree:** mario cam into FJ L into U ledge into
cannon, D ESS 6.5 beats into shoot till land (NO ROLLOUT ELSE STAR), get
4 coins from shot

**BeginningBox:** CL into U hold LJ FJ L into getup 2punch GP DJ into
coins, Zbuffer U into wall, 5 wallsounds into PB CR L hold till wall get
5 coins, neutral, Zbuffer D into sign normalize CDLmax CR do first
flying part

**NewRoute:**Box and 5 row in beginning, then 4x flight, after 3rd
flight: chomp and red 1-3,

4th round TJ fly to poles, ring, red, mountain 5 row, shot to island
into shot to poles, end on poles

Old:TJ beatcount: TJ count 5to6D 10U11neutral 14 GP

Upon landing get hit (probably) hold UR into R till run into UR gate UR
run till wall into U corner

**ChompReds:** punch, 3 punch into CRmax lock, 11J 14 UL 15PB into fence
neutral delock, CLmax, Rtap CLmax CR CL, lock Zbuffer UR into 5LJ, UL
into U hold till corner normalize into PB neutral into delock, ( if you
jump over the fence , go full D into jump over it backup)

CRmax CL CR, PB R 10 CR 12CR 14CR 16 CR 18 PB neutral red, CRmax into
lock U 7LJ UL into slope, normalize on sign, continue with flight 4

**OLD:Gobacktobeginning:** CRmax into lock into U 5LJ 3UR LJs into
delock into CLmax U UL L corner normalize, beginning coin strat (skip
box) ,  
**skip box:** CLmax CRCL, 3 LJ U into R slope sign normalize, PB U
wallhug, CLmax, punch, Zbuffer L 5.5neutral, CR, L hold into 5 coins
till wall, J hold into release for bridge clip getup, CRmax lock, 3 LJ U
into UR dive rollout UR U UR till corner normalize, release lock,

**Ending:** Lmax into shoot beatcount 16J into tree CRmax, Jtap, CL into
D 2coins, CL D 2coins, L into coin, CL L into coin, UL into last coin,
CLmax, lock into Zbuffer U 5LJ into U UR corner normalize, CRmax punch
CL into Zbuffer UR LJ R into tree CLmax CR (only CL is good), FJ CL,
Zbuffer L 3LJ into star

**Ending2 without ring:**L D max into shoot, getup into CLmax Zbuffer D
4J into star

**Backup ball hit by cannon:**

Just D LJs into slope into UR after fall or LJ down from fence into U UR
R renormalize repeat

**Red spawn box backup:** corner CL PBkick, 3punch, DJ U tap into grab
getup, 12 punch box into 2FJ D into U CR mash, PB into FJ Dx3 into CR
max into U tap throw U 3J

TODO check with spawned secret star

**BOB reds:**

Theory: red1: elevator

Beginning till fence same as chainchomp

CR, 18 D (till swoosh change) into neutral, punch, Zbuffer U 3LJ 10PB,
3L, 1D2J 6 neutral, CRmax CL CR D till fence 8 swoosh into corner, CRmax
CL CR, PB R 10 CR 12CR 14CR 16 CR 18 PB neutral red, CDL mash,

**NewStrat**:CR mash Zbuffer UL 3LJx2 into tree

Cr max U tree FJ, CR, hold A Z buffer L p5 (end of 5)DL 2 kicks into
cannon

**Old:** CDL in beat, Zbuffer R 3LJ 9.5 DL 10J dive UL cannon (ESS U if
not) ,

Dmax cannon into 1 ESS U beat, CR x2 Zbuffer U 3LJ tree

If no tree: CR max CL, Zbuffer D LJ

CR max CL CR, U on tree, Jtap L into cannon, R max into shoot, BF punch
CL, Zbuffer U into red 8 R hold 9DR into fence , UR till 5 steps into PB
D into fall UL, mash A for DJ U into UL corner CD lock cam into L PB
kick

IF aggro; J DL L into UL corner wait bomb out

IF no aggro: Zbuffer U into 4.5Dp into 4.5L wall UL corner if bomb wait
it out

Corner punch into CD, Zbuffer D till 29 Z cannon R max U max into 6 ESS
D tree, CL max CR into U getup, J tap, CR L hold star spawn R hold
sideflip into star

Red2: chain

Red3: rock

Red4: island

Red5: slope

Red6: tunnel

Red7+8 ending

**TTM 100 + reds:**

//early chukuya kill: setup like breeze into CRmax CL CR into U instant
UL punch U throw for coins

New slide ending: after 12 GP, J L tap GP into 5 neutral GPx2 into FJ L
GP into 2 more GPs one beat apart for coin row up

///new slide slow strat: 30GP, 10GP 12GP into 2 J L

New ending with monkey/top/waterfall: after spawn on bridge: CRmax CL
Zbuffer U 2.5 instant LJ into 7 Jdive into fence normalization

Spawn on switch: CRmax Zbuffer 7D PB, CLmax CRCL into R D U sideflip UL
hold into J dive into fence normalization

Slide first: do top till ESS position into FJ D neutral into CL Zbuffer
U 2.5LJ into U wall into UR into U 15 wallsounds into punch CR into R
hold 5 coins into L U J into slidepp

Slide: 9 punches, Cup cancel

Zbuffer Up 53.5beats into PB R , 4.5R PB 3xGP , neutral PB on second
fall,

Find row of coins ( if after 3 GPs no coins, check R) , into fall start
count: 23 GP

30GP 11 GP into 12 GP into 2J L GPchained into 8 beats wait10 GPs (1 J R
setup readjust, else skip coins,) p till coins, during coins PB U into
exit

After 14: GP FJ L GP, into 3/4J L GP, 8 beats into GP , J R GP coins,p

//if you miss last 5 its okay, just go and survive

//after jumps 8.5 GPs

Slide end:

Instant UR corner into PB kick wait, BF wait, into CRx2, Zbuffer U LJ 3
LJmash 6R, CDRmax, Zbuffer D 6.5(more like 7 early) PBneutral, wait 6
beats(chukuya stop) into 1U punch for chukuya, 1throw U 4J 5GP, CR max
CL U LJ L hold into U wall, UR hold getup, CRmax into lock cam into
Zbuffer L hold 5.5getup, CLx2, punchx2, wait camera 10 beats, lock,
Zbuffer U 7LJ 10.5 JGP shyguy kill, wait for coins, delock,CL max into
Zbuffer U 7PB, PBkick, 2BF into (GP dmg cancel), U till run animation),
J R tap, punch till box into UL ( if no coin collect sound, run circle
into R) hold R till wall punch, Zbuffer 3.5 down (2coins), L wall punch
U into wall , UL normalize wall punch, 3wallkicks into neutral (long
distance) (if firsty its 2WKs left, then 5punch into Zbuffer R 3LJ
neutral)

Ring: UL till land into wait till getup into D 3.5 coin sounds static,
then UR into 2 coins into UL last 2

Zbuffer R 4.5LJ into 6neutral land, U into UL tap into U wall, into U
getup, do TTM reds till star spawn into Zmash, Zbuffer D 3.5 Zbuffer
into GP, U ESS getup , DJ hang into 1L2U till 4th coin into L till wall
into U UL corner, U BF, kick DJ delayed U into getup, CL,

Different: 2LJ4LJ U 6.5 CR CL into just hold U till wall (for goomba
coins: PB neutral on goomba sound into kills then U to wall) CR maxa
into DR till run into CLmax CR CL into 4-5 ESS (5 if no goomba),

do top star until kicks end, DL into D corner CRmax CL, D 1J2kick (very
early 4)4neutral, 9 punches, CR, Zbuffer R into 5coins into PB, 3BF
(last L) , U J UL tap into U till wall, L till 9sounds, punch BF GP for
coins, CRmax, Zbuffer U into 6 dive, UL normalize on slope, L J into
getup, CL max CRCL,Zbuffer D 7PBneutral, CRmax, U until running sound
into UR wall, J, BF, CLmax, 2punch, into D for coins star spawn should
be here.

Reds from here: 3BF, CRCL, Zbuffer U 11 left to wall first into D(if not
100 coins yet, stop at 11 and kill goombas, CLRmax U UR normalize),
CDLmax D into wall DL normalize slope again, D BF CRx2 into Zbuffer D
7CL(after first landing sound)

TODO backup from water pond to crazy box

TODO slide last coin row inconsistencies

//TODO slide entry from monkey star backup

**HMC 100 + reds**

J U into bounce scuttlebug into GP for coins, lock cam into UR LJ U till
scuttlebug comes, 3rd sound J into kill bounce GP, Zbuffer 3UL U LJ U
into coins on9 LJ UR into R door

NewSetupBlueEarly: continue holding lock cam UL J into pole, U hold into
J on scream + bit dive rollout into UL LJ U UR door

From door: crouchbuffer CRx2 (keep holding up),U till wall, CD, J GP
bonk lock, R into hole till wall w/ 2 kicks punch, 2LJ U wall punch, LJ
R hold R into corner, J U getup release lock, lock, Zbuffer 7.5UL, into
3J 3.5GP kills into DR till fall into U UR corner J UL (1-3 coins),
normalize very right corner, R BF, D ESS down into hold release lock,
relock, getup punch, ESS D, BF, 4xpunch, BF , mario cam CUP cancel,
switch to lock cam

New Switch non lock normalize beatcount: 1J 2GP 7R 10PB UL pseudo count
6PB, 1-2U, 1-2 UL, 1-2.5 UR PB J kick for coins

DJ L getup into U ULdoor, J GP on door close into kill bat, Zbuffer D
into door

70 star strat

CRx2, 1U into 2.5lock till 5 coins into D sideflip dive rollout L wall
into DL door

Lock cam into U hold wall into UR LJ into DJ U tap getup get into door

lock cam into UL wall U till run into 2LJ UL tap U till corner, J U tap
elevator, UR wall into R door

Boulderroom1: lakitu CU, U wall, 3CR crouch cancel into DJ grab, lock
cam into U 5coins, Ltill wall into UL till wall into U J getup into U
wall R door,

**RedCornerFromElevator:** lock, UL elevator, dive rollout wall, U wall,
UR wall, U into UR into R DR D corner

**Red1:** punch CD mash, lock cam, R WK L WK into U getup UR pole, all
the way up, U tap J tap, punchx2 Zbuffer R into getup, continue
beatcount till 35 into 5 punches till second red coin, get hit by bat,
1BF2DL3neutral 4GP into coin GP, Zbuffer DL corner

**After ride:** release lock and neutral, punch, CD lock,Zbuffer 3L into
R sideflip WK U into getup, Zbuffer v3.5UL LJ 4.5U, getup J GP coins GP
again kill scuttlebug, D 3LJ last two neutral, into U UL corner, release
lock, punch lock, L R sideflip WK U into getup, UL hold into coin fall
into neutral kill scuttlebug, (maybe spawn star, lock 5L UL corner
redo),

**after fall** hold 1pUL L till wall, 10 UL 5U, into wall, Rwall UR
corner, release lock,

**corner,**

**LastRedafterPole:** get up same as Red1 with FJ on top Utap, release
lock,lock again, Zbuffer UL 3.5LJ 5neutral, ESS R getup release lock,
CUP cancel lock cam, Zbuffer U 6 punches till second red coin, 7punches
after coin, J R into R ESS getup, Zbuffer U 4J 6neutral getup, J GP for
last coin, GP again, 6 punches, CUP cancel, lock cam into UL LJ into U,
LJs till wallkick into UL corner, D hold into corner, J tap DL into
elevator, UR, R UL door, reenter

**Lake:**nessy strat on 3 fall neutral into coin1, punch to next coin,
BF punch, CD J L into coin, lock cam into, Zbuffer U, 4L5.5D 7LJ,9
neutral,

9 swims onto land, hold U rollout on slide, till wall into R UR corner
into J UR elevator , 34beats till top, ZbufferDR 3coins, J R coin,
pZbuffer U 3 4UL coins 5DL coin UL LJ into L DL door

**Boulderroom2:**

Lock U wall, LJ L into UL for coins ; grab star

Keep holding lock into UR U UR corner find, punch BF, CRx2 crouchbuffer,
lock, Zbuffer U 10.5 LJ, if hit delay to 13.5 until UL corner, J dive
into door, go back to nessy door

**RedEndingNew:** Lock cam same setup into UL wall U wall into J kick
into just U till wall into UR corner, delock, CD lock into L PB kick, BF
puch into Zbuffer U 4 J into star

**BITS reds:**

Same beginning into 7J 12J neutral into J getup, 15BF 16GP, 21JD, 24J
getup, punch 2 beats into 17 18LJ, 19UR 20U into 23-24U wall into 4U LJ
into, 2LJ UR U into red coin or R U into coin into 6L wall, ZbufferU7.5
into ZbufferR 5 GP mash into coin, 3BF into Zbuffer D 4J6J 7neutral, D
ESS 1up, U ESS getup DJ getup, D L wall BF punch into ZbufferU 5J 9.5J
11 neutral 14 BF DR, D 4LJ, normal into burn into DR J 3 times into PB
till 1st coin into Dtap GP cancel, 10 punch into FJ R into red, Z buffer
UL 5L 6U 7LJ into fall dmg up till second platform, ride till first
block into neutral DJ U hold into coin bonk J on getup getup last
platform ESS R

Normalize right corner spinners into 5 punch ZbufferU 3LJ into 10 J,
CRx4 40 climbs up into FJ U into 4LJ , if hit by goomba, 12 punches from
ESS sides,

Do elevator skip or find music cue, same till staris into, jump
diagonally from corner into 3 GP, R into last coin , go to wall into
Zbuffer 4.5 J getup, punch into 3FJ into FJ kick U over pipe GP into DJ
U taps till star D into 2FJ J pipe

Timings: last cycle of 4, 2BF 13BF, 21BF : Time: 2:54

On start : 1BF, 12BF,20BF: 3:01

On first long note: 4BF,15,23 :3:08

Super new cycle: 1BF, 12BF,20BF

New cycle cycle: 2.5BF

Else try either random or elevator skip

70 Star Strats

This document will record all the strats used in the Super Mario 64 - 70
Star Blindfolded Speedrun. By Bubzia.

BBH movement: CDL mash , Zbuffer UR 3LJ 5U 6LJ 8neutral GP on landing

BBH reenter: 1L 2UL 3LJ 5U 6 neutral BF GP

DDD entrance: A TB and CR same time into U LJ

# RTAinJapan New Strats:

TTC reenter from star grab with beats: 1TB,2BFx2, 10.5BF

RR TTC enter: 1TB, 6CL 7CL, 13 (wall) DJ hang, 20.5 U hold into painting

TTM-\>SL: 3steps DR into LJ UR U into change UL door, U kick 4UL 5LJ 8J

SL Freeze: CR on music cue x2, U TJ UR into U during 3rd jump , mash A
for sloppy slope hop into star

TTC hand: faster red climb: 3 kick beats into FJ L UL into corner, then
from getup: Zbuffer L 4LJ 5UL LJ mash into land J GP star

TTC pendulum: same as hand, then Zbuffer L 5J6U8J glitchy wall, DJ UL
wall J DJ from bar into U getup, UR wall into CL PB D U sideflip
upstairs , land into U CR mash UR corner into UL LJ x2 into star

TTC cage: then Zbuffer L 5J6U8J glitchy wall, PB neutral, J R into U
wall J getup, mario cam CD into Zbuffer UL 3LJx2 into U J kick DJ D into
star

TTC bars: beginning CD, \~1DL buffer kick \~2DJ into \~5 L (there is
invisible wall, random) into UL L corner into 1J L, 3UL 4J 5U getup,
9(fast getup)/11(slow getup) LJ U UL into U wall J kick U hold till wall
hugs, then L into 4 wall sounds, then DJ U tap getup, U into UR FJ hang
Z cancel drop into CLmax CR delayed TJ wallkick setup

THI-\>TTM: D buffer (dont save), into door, 1UR 1U kick into UL 7wall
into toad star, buffer UR 7 steps into LJ for painting

WDW -\> THI: L on TB 4 LJ into U UL door

Vanish entry: instant lock into 3steps L LJ into landing U into 2LJ UR
into J dive UL tap into entrances

WDW top: new beginning: R LJ neutral into bounce into full R on land UR
into U till flame

3.5J 5LJ 7LJ8LJ U hold into 10.5J UR U UR3 PB wall PBkick CL, Zbuffer U
3LJ UR 5kick Up 6kick 7L 7.5J getup into L slidekick rollout into UL J U
into UL wallhug getup 3CLmax into old setup

From getup:123 wallkick into 5D 8U 9J (hold)9.5UL10U11.5LJp

DDD beginning swim: normal beginning into 11 R tap into U hold till 16,
then 9.5D into U 21 clam,

new CAP: PB kick into CD, into Zbuffer DL into 3J 3.5 GP 6LJ 8 neutral,
3neutral into 3fastswim into 9fastswim U into neutral ones till 12 into
L hold slow swim

Bits Elevator Cycles:

1: 2BF 4.5 neutral, 8R 13BF, 21 BF

2: 1BF 3.5 neutral, 7R l 12 BF 20 BF

3: 3BF 5neutral, 9R, 15BF, 23 BF

4: 2.5-3BF 5neutral, 8R, 14 BF 22BF

L4U, 6J 7dive rollout 4.5 dive rollout again

New LLL strats:

LLL Hendy Bully: buffer U, (beatcount bully steps) then LJ at 5, UR tap
at 7 and go up again at 8, then LJ at 15, JD at 19, rollout at 22, C
right at 23, LJ at 24, go neutral on 30, Up again at around 31.5,
slidekick at 35, rollout at 38 (both the slidekick and rollout push the
bully forward) and final slidekick at like 41, go neutral right after
that one, CR into U hold till sound of falling bridge into DJ dive
rollout star

LLL Vulcano: U 5LJ 15.5 LJ, 17UR 18UL 19 neutral old setup

New BOB island: 2.5 D tap shot into delayed rollout UR into U GP for
box, ( if missed tap shot do GP at highest point into R J GP box)

New BOB secrets: 2.5 D tap shot into getup animation into Lbuffered kick
UL into Zmash for cannon, then 0.4 beats tap into shot ( 2-3 frames to
hit?) like bowser throw maybe bit more precise)

New BOB Boss: get up into Zbuffer D 4U sideflip % Ur getup neutral\!,
wait for TB, kick DJ UL tap over him into D 1 punch CR R hold into throw
dmg into L JGP turnaround into 4BF 6L7punch x2 into CL U URtap J into
star

Bomb Clip: from fence: 6.5 wall sounds into punch for bomb, L Singlejump
throw like pillarless into D regrab, 3 J U into throw, J R into star or
wall into DJ kick wall for star

PSS strat: 23 UL 27J L CURmash 31UL 35 dive 3637383940xCR each on 41U on
42CD into

L wall bonk DR kick buffer LJ

Box: same but after bonk R buffer DJ UR TJ instant GP for box

CCM slide: mario cam , J kick on beat 3 4, 6UR(tiny bit later) into mash
CL from 7on beat 14 U dive,

Lakitu end of slide into bonk into DL kick into UL into L door

RRswing + triangle start: 17FJ neutral into corner into 19U, 20CL 1 J,
4.5Dturnaround into 6.5LJx2 into DL tap strat everything normal from
here but turned around p

BubziaCycle RR Swing: instant getup into L FJ DJ into D U sideflip U
land J rollout into coins L into LJ into J DJ for omega quick cycle.

RRship: 19J, 23FJ 27LJ, 31LJ, 35.5stop, dont normalize after carpet,
just 1J3LJ 4neutral getup, 8beats on second pole into CR into DJ U getup
with L hold into sideflip UR without pausebuffer, getup into Zbuffer U
7R 8LJ DR a bit into LJ mash for star.

RRreds: beginning beatcount: 19J 23FJ 25UL, 27J,31L do reds

HMC Amazing: lock cam after door into 9 steps UL into J getup, U tap
into 1 2DJ UR 3U TJ UR into wallkick dive for star

# Abbreviations

**Stagenames:**

BOB = Bob-omb Battlefield

WF = WhompÂ´s Fortress

CCM = Cool, Cool Mountain

PSS = The PrincessÂ´s Secret Slide

BitDW = Bowser in the Dark World

SSL = Shifting Sand Land

HMC = Hazy Maze Cave

BBH = Big BooÂ´s Haunt

DDD = Dire, Dire Docks

BitFS = Bowser in the Fire Sea

BitS = Bowser in the Sky

**Inputs/Movement:**

TB = TextBox

U,D,L,R = Analog Stick Directions (up,down,left,right and corresponding
combinations UR = upright etc.)

C + Direction = camera c-button direction

Direction + W (+C) = until wall f.e. UW = up until wall (also applicable
with Corners : UWC = up until wall until corner)

Direction (+W) + C = Corner of two walls (determined by the swoosh or no
sound)

WS = Wall Slide Sound

S = steps

LJ = LongJump

FJ = FullJump (A Pressed as long as possible)

SJ = ShortJump (A Pressed a bit)

DJ = DoubleJump

TJ = TripleJump

SF = SideFlip

BF = BackFlip

WK = WallKick

LG = LedgeGrab

Pswim = Perfect swim

PB = PauseBuffer

MC = MusicCue

Number x + s = x seconds

Other stages/obsolete:

**PSS:**

**Old:U,15UL,20R,21UL,28UR,29DL,30J, 30, 32UL, UL39dive 15U**

**Normalize with UL after landing, punch bufferDR 1beats into neutral
LJx2**

**//HMC-LLL:** LJ U into infinite run punch, get star from toad, CL?
TODO UDJ kick wall, R wall,UL L door, U wall CL, U LJ U/UR LJ UR TODO

**TTM breeze: beginning breeze** intoR hold, CLmax, Zbuffer UR
4.5J5L6.5kick

OLDstrat:3 beats walk down, 3CL into 1U J 2UDJ 3D4L4.5kick

**TTM climb**: into breezepppp into R hold till breeze gone into U getup
2LJ , on way U UR tap U corner: DJ L hold getup, 2CL, D3neutralJ Dcoin,
J Rtap, 3backflips (coin sound confirm else backup), CL, U,2LJ4LJ, 6.5
J, 9.5J,,11DJ13TJ

J R neutral, ESS U till grab getup (1up), buffered D U sideflip getup
into U star or

L DL normalize getup, BF U 5kicks into J dive into J GP

**TTM box:** buffer U + CL, on sound cue J mario, J over goomba 2 LJ
into timed GP mash (not to early, if slide then its bad), lakitu, J L/UL
into punch box into L hold till third into R hold mash A for star

(if no star J D into it)

**//TTM Monkey: same as climb till star //1:40 length**

In cave: normalize into CR BF 5 kicks J dive D rollout, normalize fence
L D DL, punch, CL max, CUP cancel, Zbuffer 4.25L punch grab, free him
into R D DR normalize, CR max,punch, CDR max Zbuffer DL 2.5LJ 4 neutral,
U on monkey dance sound,U1.5J3DR,5kick,R wall star spawn into R punch J
GP; backup: UR corner J kick L

Backup failed grab, corner CR max, L 1J3UR getup, wait for cam, J L , U
normalize x3, then back into cave sideflip get star

**HMC: Xmas:** lock 2UR into 2LJ ,J getup into R/DR ,URbuffer,CUP,
lockcam,b,

If failed wallkick: just R DR into door, L door

Jump: 1A,2A,3.5A,5WK,on 11 start DL13UL dive into switch

Backup:

If no hit: swim Jdive into U wall, release lock into UL/UR for straight
angle into switch backup

**HMC Toxic:** same as nessy, with U after bugjump, J kick ULU till wall
shuffle PB punch, DJ wallkick up into U/UL door

Lock in door, hold U bonk dmg into UL 2LJ into U hold UL tap into door

CR, CD 2xpunch, LJU, 3whoosh DJ getup U door,

CRx2, into 3 LJ last two.5 neutral, wait for stop into CR,1R LJ into
star

Oldbuffer UR 2-3steps into LJ UR/U

**SSL Talon:**

Do pyra start CRmax CL punch box, UL buffer, on 7FJ, 8U,8.5 LJx2 last
one R hold, wait, J U UR neutral into Zbuffer U 6neutral 7 J GP for
talon, J GP on first talon swing,

GP for talon

END: CR 7beats A UR

**SSL-HMC:**

Same as LLL + CL into LJ UR walk a bit LJ UR

**BBH Library**

2LJ into door

BF,punch, buffer R into L WK second floor, U into UR into door

CUP lockcam, cancel, DJ kick over gap, L till wall into punch J L into
star

**BBH GhostHunt**  
2LJ R tap into door

3R kick buffer U into door

U till wall into UL till wall 3 whoosh sounds into punch

bufferDLLJ (neutral) into door

Couchkick, 2D 3kick 4R 5LJ L UL door

2L buffer kick, on 4 UL door

Kicks until kill into UR

L kick into DL into door

DL LJ into R tap GP for 2kills into R into UR LJ into door

2buffered R kicks into neutral into Utap Dtap (bit more) GP alternates

BF into star

**CCM BigPenguin:**

New 58/61 strat: 1516R 1718UR then full U

Enter pipe: R hold kick J U into corner, CD CL mash till max

Buffer UR till talkp

2A into R cancel on beat, 6.5 Z buffer UR 9LJ, 17+18R, UR into 23U

Accept into 19beats L into 2GP , neutral getup into L till wall U till
wall UL corner

New: 19 beatsL into GP ,neutral till 32GP 38GP JR start (if still no
coins jump R into GP till coin line )then U till goal wall

L till wall, UL hold till corner, UL Jkick, 2BF 2punch wait for dialog

**CCM HEAD:** CR,J wall, L UL into corner, CL punch, J grab, CR CL ,
getup buffered L into talk, just hold up till wall (race end), then UR
buffer/or instant U on walk for talk, U wall punch BF into star

**BBH Boss:**

UR till wall into Rwhoosh into punch into DL buffered WK

UR until stairs into UL J 4x

DRbufferkick, R till corner, D into A into DL -\> UR sideflip WK into
U/UL door

DR notch LJ into UR A door

GP, into U till corner into 2GP hits, UJ buffer neutral, BF R,

Zbuffer U pp3LJ,4UL,5L,6DL,7.5J,10.5JGP, (if not then tiny bit up)

**BBH reenter**: 1L 2UL 3LJ 4U, 5LJ mash 6neutral into GPs, D into cage

BBH enter: CDL mash, Zbuffer UR LJx2, into U till grass, GPs into D cage

**BBH MerryGo:** redo ghosthunt beginning, then Rtap , DJ DL on beat, on
4 L 6 kick into U

CUP into mario cam, Zbuffered 15 beats U into J bonk, lakitu into U tap
GP mash till boss, after 2nd hit J R GP for last and stargrab // listen
for fire, you dont want to get burned

**BOB island**: CL into CD into 5 LJ bonk jkick till cap, Utap into
mario cam triplejump flight cancel into U 3 LJ into lakitu on 4th into
cannon

All the way down into shoot U 5 beats GP, CRx2 into 3.5beats J GP

Old:

R hold till music cue, UR buffer into cannon, open cannon, then U into
GP (music cue) into cannon

UL during flight, get hit , 1U,4LJ 5CR U into cannon

U all way, ESS D tiniest bit, CRx2 into R + D taps J GPs till star

**BOB Wings:** same as island into CRx3 max, UR buffer into cannon

All the way down, 9 beats ESS D (lowest possible input) into shoot U and
neutral into U timed with 4th coin sound

NEW: D tap strat 1 beat

NEW: beatcount on shot: 5neutral 6tU

Ending: 4U, on 4 1 U neutral

**BOB Boss:**

Mario cam, hold U until music cue, J, 3LJ ULtap, 4th LJ into 2kicksU
4kicksUR 2U kicks J dive, 2 LJ U

U into 2 LJ (might bonk) , third LJ U, wall into J kick UR 1-3 times
then again U into LJ UL mash for warp,

After warp: on3 U for sideflip getup, talk to boss

Get thrown, CL, BF on 7+9, 14 steps into BF U hold punch grab, U throw,
into D tap

6 steps into punch D, rethrow

CR throw, buffered LJ U UR

**BOB Koopa:**

CRx2, hold R buffered, talk with koopa

CL mash into LJ D tap punches till talk, open cannon

CR into 4LJ U into two kick,

into 6 kicks UR with beat, then 2 U kick J dive into 2 LJ U

U into 2 LJ (might bonk) , third LJ U, wall into J kick UR 1-3 times
then again U into LJ UL mash for warp,

4sideflip into 2 LJ U into pole , all the way up into neutral jump into
BF, BF GP cancel into J right tap

//after wingcap:

**LLL Log:** CRx2 lockcam, 2ULJ, 6.5 sideflip back GP, triplejump flight
till 15 into GP,up wall into U 5 beats, CL Utap triplejump flight into 7
D ESS into 11 beats GP, DR hold if burned into CL UL star or CL into
kick star

**LLL Boss:** 2 LJ, 12.5LJ, 16Jdive 17 UR neutral, 25 CR mash into CL,
PB LJ U into 3 bounces into fullJ GPp

CR + CL into U 3 timed jumps on platforms into kick star

**LLL REDS:**

CL, L buffer, 2 LJ, 6.5UL, 12.5LJ, 14U,15CL,18CR, 19 stop ,

2xCL, U J kick , R sidekick mash A, U UR J kick, L slidekick UL mash
into star

**LLL upper vulcano:**

**New entrance normal: 5LJ15.5LJ17UR19J20dive21U 22pprollout**

New entrance: mario cam start, U LJ neutral UL, U LJ wall lakitu cam, U
getup, U LJ, mid neutral into neutral LJ into mid U LJ into UL LJ or if
grab slow getup into UR LJ

D buffer 6LJ, 7 mario cam, 8 U, 13 CD CL mash, J getup into triple jump
J mash UL till corner, lakitu into L tap J kick into D ESS getup CL, UR
buffer1-2 LJ with 1 step x3, UR J kick into corner, Jtap getup,CR lock
cam into 3beats R LJx2 second U into pole, neutral J dive into pole,
change to mario cam into U CD CL Jdive UR into corner J kick into star

Newstrat: Zbuffer UR 4J5neutral, UR J neutral into LJ U UL tap getup

**PSS Slide Endings:**

PSS slide: at 5th beat UL kick, 11U,13 UL,

corner into CL punch,

For box: R buffer 3.5 J mash J DJ GP

For star: DR crouchbuffer LJ, neutral LJ\#

If no coin: UR J after cutscene

NEW: try J tap after finish

Box: U into bonk,buffer U wall into UL 11-12 whoosh, DJ kick D GP GP

NEWNEW: 11+12 UL, then only U till end 14 CD, during cutscene UL till
corner U do backups

**WF -\> PSS :** DR buffer (DONT EXIT), LJ hold into U/UR wall J kick
over fence U into door

UR hold wall J kick into R L sideflip

**BOB-CCM:** DR LJ into UR hold door, R wall J tap into dor

**BOB-DW:** DR LJ into IUR hold door, UR wall, DL buffer sideflip R UR U

**CCM Reds:**

CR, U LJ tree, up coin CLCR, Utap mariocam, J 3U,10D, 12GP, lakitu cam,
J kick R into UR

Grab coin, CL, U into punch, buffer, 1R, 2LJ,4UR,6dive , 14R on slide
off into fence U into GP coin,

CR max into R UR corner, CL+J+U on 4th beat J again , wall CL into U
hold till slide into UL tap, grab tree, go up6 sounds into UR 3rd beat
dive, 3 LJ U into UR, hold up till run, CRx2, J kick R then ESS till
coin, CL, 2BF, 2BFU Zbuffer U 4.5beats LJ 6UL 9 dive 10 neutral
11DLtapp, 10 rollout, if not dive then CR into U till grab into getup DL
coin, CL max into 5U, CR punch D till teleport, CL, U 4th beat dive, 10
rollout, U wall, CR max, D LJ into neutral bonk on bridge, D hold till
red coin buffer, punch CL,,Z buffer 3.5LJ R into 4.5UR, land (7) few
steps into J dive for star

//if penguin after tree: CR max CL , CR max U UL LJ into tree CL max CR
CL UR J 3 dive, LJ U LJ UR into 2 beats UR continue

Tree corner backup: CRmax, punch DL LJ D into tree

**WDW vanish:** highwater

CL, ULJ UR, mario cam, 4swims D J getup, J L, Uwall, BF, lakitu CR, Dess
into getup, U 21 swims, go neutral, 4.5UL, into 3 Uswims, 3D,2neutral,
4pUR, into 5U (corner), 6beat turnaround R, 12 swims till water gone,
then U till wall UL tap for confirmation, punch, J R GP for cap, UL U
into unref TJ WK neutral ledgegrab getup mario cam, J kick DJ U kick DJ
kick U till wall, FJ U till fall into dive, CLx2 into unref wall, lakitu
, TJ UR WK U UL x UL J into star // OLD STRAT, new strat: vanish GP into
CD lock cam , Zbuffer D 3LJ 5UR 14U UR corner unref wallkicks into star

New tunnel with perfect swim safety: 25 psswim into punchx2, U hold into
UR hold A slowswim till 10, PB U into 3 swim into D 3pswim into neutral
3pswim into UR 4.5 usual strat

**WDW Shocking: 16.20**

CRx2, U LJx2 UL tap 1 beat, warp, buffer DR during warp, 7 steps into
GP, 1R J GP star

**WDW Elevator:**

U, kick DJ dive CL Rtap GP, TJR into U on land, 3U,2UL,0.5U,UL till wall
mash CR max U till wall, neutral, CR,land neutral,, punch till switch CL
x2, BF BF UL , Jx3 UR, DJ grab getup, CR, 3.5 beats D, ESS till getup,
DESS into doublepunch trollout, U hold till L into wall into 4UL
wallsounds, PB kick into pausebuffer R sideflip L into elevator, UL
normalize, R hold D into star

**WDW top of town:**

**Mid water:** CR into R LJ neutral bounce R, CL max CR CL, 2U 1UL1UUL
till wall, CR mash into U wall, neutral, L into LJ hold into punches for
switch, 2xCL into BF BFUR, 3UR J into DJ D getup, Dtap into neutral
Jkick on DJ D triplejump dive into neutral on land, R buffer during
getup into getup buffer A R kick neutral J GP for box, if not then try
up or D ESS getup into U J GP

//if missed bounce: Just R LJ into swim till land, 4U into full UL wall

If bonk: U wall BF, R ESS till switch into BF , 2xBF UR

**WDW midwater: just BF**

**WDW low water: U wall J neutral into U**

**SL Head: 2nd beat, 3.5LJ,1 CL neutral,2 neutral 3,4,5 CL 6LJ , 9J
9.5pdive**timed getting up to fence,U J getup upper, cr buffer, U crouch
into CR, kick DJ into U mashed TJ into late GP, normalize UR corner,
punch, R punch, cup for cam, timed double WK U D L, neutral, UR U UR
corner normalize,R J Rwall into UR getup normalize ledge, DJ getup hold
R into slidekick star

**SL maze:** 2CR 2nd beat+ end of fast notes, timed TJ UR on fast note
into J dive D hold (TODO practice)

Backup: UL till no wall into UR 13 wallsounds J getup, 2.5U sideflip D,
UR wall into J kick R for star

**SL Bully:** second note CL, 3LJs into 2nd beat slidekick, 2nd beat
rollout ,U into hit into UR (musclememory), after a while DL hold, if
burned during cutscence continue UL till second land into U ESS till
grab

, if not mario cam CD into J U J R test , if not go U ledgegrab and
continue

If ledgegrab: mario CUP CD into U kick DJ GP setup

Neutral after 2 bounce into U ledgegrab: mario CUP CD into kick DJ U GB
before land into J Lx2

**SL Lake:** 3beatcounted LJ into J U -\>UR, DJ U, mashed TJ U, land
kick U till slide, A tap on slide into run a bit into J dive lock cam, D
slide into J R taps GP box

**SL Igloo: (same as head till normalize ) 2nd beat, 3.5LJ,1 CL
neutral,2 neutral 3,4,5 CL 6LJ , 9J 10dive**timed getting up to fence,U
J getup upper, cr buffer, U crouch into CR, kick DJ into U mashed TJ
into late GP, normalize UR corner, punch Zbuffer DL into run 5 beats
crouch igloo entrance

Igloo:mario CUP cancel lock,Zbuffer U 4.5 dive UR rollout till wall
sound into 2-3J into U DJs till getup, normalize UR in corner, neutralJ
into BF D, J D GP for cap, Zbuffer 1L6.5D,8dive,9rollout, 11J 11.5dive
into star

**VanishCap Reds:** 2A (on second count beats) hold D on 3.5,4,5 CR,9.5
neutral, CL, 13 Zbuffer L into double falldown dmg (coin) 21.5,L
normalize,D hold getup, Dtap into kickbuffer D DJ mashTJ,

NewStrat: D hold on 4 R, on 9D, 18.5 stop 3rd coin, D ESS into R getup

During fall U till dmg, DR kick buffer into R DJ (getup), either TJ dive
R till wall punch normalize U, or try to dodge the fire at least,  
Music timed:

Early cycle:

on new cycle Z R 5LJ, 11.5J, 15.5J,17neutral getup neutral into fall,
neutral on 16.5 neutral into getup, neutral till rolldown, wait for long
note +1 beat into J R (getup), wait for music cue 1R 1J R A into button,
CRx2 into R red, UR U wall into DJ ULtap wallkick into R star

**VanishReenter after death:** 5swims,  
If land, then U Jtap getup,

If instant getup: Zbuffer 1U5UL into grab ledge Z get in

**THI plant:** mario CDR on intro, UR bufferkick into U LJ ,timed LJ U
-\>UL into UL hold tiny J pipe ,

CDLx2, kick 3 beats, 4 neutral 5 L 6rollkick, bonk UR buffer 2 kick into
slidekick, ZbufferD 3slidekick 5rollout, 2DL into 1D 1.5slidepkick
neutral rollout up, L DL rollkick, DR fence normalization corner into D
punch BF L into star

12UR slidekick, 15 neutral 16 rollout, Zbuffer D 3slidekick 4neutral,
Zbuffer 4L into D 5slidekick into 6neutral, 8 rollout

**THI top:** mario CDR on intro, UR bufferkick into U LJ timed sideflip
D into R for clip, U hold till secret, U J dive hold till walk into UR
pipe J enter

CDR into kick mash DJ mash TJ dive mash till rollout D into delayed U
sideflip till wall CL UL getup, CL, 1,2DJ UL into grab, 5.5CL UL till
getup, mario cam wait 4 beats, U till 5th coin into neutral LJ, U getup
into lakitu mash CR max, U tap ESS into D BF, DL BFx2, 4xD BF Gp into
starbox

**upstairs-\>WDW:** from door: slidekick rollout UR into painting

**WDW-\>SL:** R LJx2 into U neutral door, 9 steps U into UL LJ into UL J
painting

WDW-\> THI: DL buffer 2LJ into U hold UL into door

THI-\> TTM: D buffer LJ U into doorF

2UR kick buffer into UL 5 wall A for toad

J GP for star

UR buffer till wall, UL tap U into 5wall sounds J into TTM

TTM-\>SL: DR 2xLJ into U on 2nd start (R if not yet)

SL-\> tippy: 2kick U wall, J CR into U hold till door

UL buffer till wall, neutral DJ UL, 2 UL J into U bowser door BLJ

TTM reenter: L wall into U J

**reset-\>SL: Ur from door till door close into LJ U UR for SL door**

**SL-\>TTM: buffer D into no save LJ into U UR till wall into U UL to
door**

from door: CR+U into 2 LJ U

**reset-\> TTM: UR buffer 2 kicks till 10 wall sounds into J kick, CUP,
D LJ into TTM**

**TTM reenter: L LJ into U hold**

**TTM Reds:** same timing as box till 1st LJ, on audio cue lakitu cam
into next audio cue LJ U wall into UR 1.5beats LJ neutral into U wall
sounds getup

2CL max, BF UR BF at half DR neutral coin, CR,CL, 1U2LJ,3UL,4U,5neutral,
U J UR neutral, R J UR neutral

1UR2LJ U wall/or direct, U /(LJ) next wall, CLx2, normal climb, 4BF at
end, CR, 1 R 2 L,3DL sideflip land L U into normalized corner, CL max,
punch, hold R, after star 2 beats R 1 DR into star

**TTM-\>THI:** buffer UR kick into UR hold till wall, R tap punch for
toad, get star, hold U CR into door

From door: U kick LJ into UL hold L LJ into painting

**reset-\>THI: UL buffer 2 kicks UL hold till door**

**THI-\> tippy:** D LJ neutral into door,

**TODO other side castle movement**

**RR Reds:** CRx3 U LJ UR on sound cue grab pole, CL x3, on audio cue
jump count beats:

1J,5J,7UL, 9J, 12.5L getup, 2punch into kick L DJ L TJ into neutral into
L wallkick (practice) L getup, for first coin ,punch, DJ L wallkick
getup / or sideflip neutral wiggle, L ESS getup, DJ R wallkick instant
dive L mash GP, R wall normalize, 1L2J4DJ DL tap, kick wall R into
neutral coin, hold R till flame into U wall, PB kick on no fire, 1BF3U
getup, if not UR into star corner and back it up

//backup beginning: sideflip wallkick getup, kick L DJ,BF kick DJ L
getup, BF R hold grab, letdown coin

**RR Triangle**: CRx3 U LJ UR on sound cue grab pole, CL x2, on audio
cue jump, CL, 5beats U into J 3 GP, CRx4, U LJx2 second UR tap holdA,
getup, 2kicks UL into kick L till 5th coin into timed DJ, hold L till
after switch bonk, J R getup 3x BF L into J kick DJ R dive, J dive star

Backup , R ESS into 2BF L hold for reswitch bonk

**RR Swing:** CRx3 U LJ UR on sound cue grab pole, CL x2, on audio cue
jump, CL, 5beats U into J 3 GP, CRx4, U LJx2 second UR tap slow getup R,
J R LJ DR into getup, Dtap into kick mashed TJ D land neutral, CLx2,
wait for audio cue into U LJ after 5 coins into J , J dive star

MUSIC CUE: on new (1before) cycle U 1U3LJ9J12Jdive

Buffered: Z 1U5LJ10.5J,14J

Early cycle: 1 before new melody

**RR Ship:** CRx3 U LJ pp on sound cue grab pole, CL x3, on audio cue
jump count beats:

1J,5J 9LJ, 13LJ, 18stop instant, (17.75), R J, wait till landing sound
into 4 R J ,( 10punch) 19 beats after coin till wall into tiny J getup,
L wall, UL normalize getup, 1J tap 3LJ DL getup box, PB D LJ into
polegrab, 2CL 14 getup, U Jdive polegrab 9 getup+ 3CR, neutral fullJ,
CL, kickbuffer DJ L getup, ESS U getup, PB sideflip UL (2.5D,1U1ULA)
getup, on L5.5U recount 2LJ 4 neutral4.5J GP backup: R/DR into ship
interior, UL normalize into punch L J DL J into star

DoubleLJ: Zbuffer L 7U 8LJ mash

**RR reenter:** 2BF ; from death: CUP U (infinite) J GP

**RR -\> Sky:** CR U LJ 2UJ UL tap door

**TTC death:**CUP cancel U DJ getup, on long note U hold

**TTC reenter:** 3BF, last one after slow getup animation

**TTC stats:** 32 seconds TJ red route, first try wallkick

**45 seconds no TJ route if well routed?**

**TTC-\> RR+Toad:** UR buffer LJ UL into U 5 sounds into B toad, J GP
for star, U J into 5UR sounds DJ getup, 1Zbuffer UR 3LJ getup, mario cam
U into J GP , if wall J kick into J R search

**TTC pendulum:** CL, UR LJ U UL wall getup, CR U punch, DJ kick R L
alternates till top ( 6, 3 coins), L3J UL U corner, CRmax, 1UJ 2UL 5J,
UL wall, L wall, Jtap getup, 2punch, U wall, J neutral wall, Jtap
getup,Cl max Zbuffer D 4LJ 5L tap getup CL,L J, L corner, DJ getup,
punchCR, PB sideflip 2,3,4,5getup, U wall, CRmax, PB UL LJx2 into star

**TTC cage1:** CL, UR LJ U UL wall getup, CR U punch, DJ kick R L
alternates till top ( 6, 3 coins), L3J UL U corner, CRmax, 1UJ 2UL 5J,
UL wall, L wall, Jtap getup, 2punch, U wall, J neutral wall, Jtap
getup,Cl max Zbuffer D 4LJ 5L tap L getup, DL hold LJ into U LJ mash
wallkick into star;

Backup in cage: L UL corner Jkick 2BF

**TTC hand:**CL, UR LJ U UL wall getup, CR U punch, DJ kick R L
alternates till top ( 6, 3 coins), L3J UL U corner, CRmax, 1UJ 2UL 5J,
UL wall, L wall, Jtap getup, 2punch,CL max, ZbufferD 5LJ 6L J kick into
star

**TTC cage2:** CL, UR LJ U UL wall getup, CR U punch, DJ kick R L
alternates till top ( 6, 3 coins), 3L Rsideflip into 2 R UR wall U into
getup, BF Utap PB Abuffer kick, CL CR,, TJ route getup

1UR,2R,3Lsideflip 6J pole grab, CLx2, neutral J bonk DJ UR getup (Dj UR
if not instantly)

ZbufferR 4Lsideflip ,5J,6wallkick

If getup: Zbuffer R 4LJ 4.5U

If no getup: hold R till getup, UR LJ into U corner

CR,U build speed 3beats into wallkick doubleA, getup, J L getup, L J D
LJ into star

**TTC Top**: \*1:40 if perfect CL, UR LJ U UL wall getup, CR U punch, DJ
kick R L alternates till top ( 6, 3 coins),

**TTC Reds:** same beginning till CR, BF R x2, (2coins), CR 1L3J4U, UR
normalize, repeat x3,

1L5UL7U getup, 3xBF third DL into star

**THI Secrets:** same beginning till secret into mario D UR corner PB
neutral kick, CD mash Zbuffer 1D6.5neutral lakitu CL, Zbuffer R
3LJmashx2 on second LJ neutral (4.5) wait till flame extinguishes, then
hold A (eventually J for goomba dodge), into PB2.5UR,PB1DL,2.5LJ 4UL ,
UL till corner, J kick R on slide neutral jump U UR normalizer (getup
first),CR,1-2PB L R sideflip, 3.5J 4neutral, ESS D normalize mario cam
D, tiny J Ltap, into kickbuffer DJ U 1 kick on 4 till secret into
neutral, CUP mash cancel into zbuffer U4.5 (late)J, 7UL grab star
(backup: on 8 neutral, U ESS into getup, CUP CD mash, kick DJ U into GP
end, somewhere there

**BBH Eye: 50\~** left door entrance, PB DR sideflip UL wallkick DL
normalize DR corner into punch Utap J Ltap GP for cap, U kick buffer
into UL LJ, DR for door //need to be fast

Rkickbuffer DR corner, D , PB sideflip DL URwallkick into U/ UR

D kick buffer LJ wall(6beats), L,U LJ into DL till wall, UL corner,
punch GP for ghost, 1R2J2.5GP,2punch wait for eye into (on3) 3UR
1pause-2ULpause 1-2DL 1-2D 1-2R U dive rollout till wall R kick wall, U
J kick D into star

**left side eye strat:** after 4 punch Zbuffer U 4.5 R into circle

**New strat instant eye circle:** U LJ into land into R DR circle
instant

**BBH Reds:** right side door, enter right room same as ghost hunt, UL
buffer in transition getup for coin, 2BF DL into U hold for door,

Zbuffer 1DL 4LJ 5L door,

2bufferkick D into DR hold till coin/dmg, DL LJ into U /UR door

U wall DJ L tap getup U hold till land, L till wall into DJ kick U hold
for coin+door

R hold DJ D getup for stair, U J UR, U J UL till door

Zbuffer 1DL 3LJ 4D 5neutral, wait 1-2 beats, R J into UR till wall/door
R door

2kickbufferR continue count into 4UR door

Zbuffer 1L5LJ

If bonk +coin: D into wall R DR till coin wall

If bonk+no coin : U ESS till open into R coind D wall R

If no bonk: UR wall, D J DL coin R DR till coin wall

D till free into R UR Rdoor find

Rbufferkick into DR LJ UL door

UL wall U punch spawn, R UR door

Dbufferkick, LJx2 mash into neutral at end, D fence punch into UR J for
star

**DDD Cap: 1:30:** same beginning as sub till corner, DJ UL tap getup
kick U corner, PB punch BF, CD into Zbuffer DL 2.5J 3GP, 6LJ 8neutral,
hold A 2 swims into 3 perfect swims into 9U, on 12L into star

**HMC-\>Vanish:** U wall into CR mash till wall, UL into door

U into water, 9 swims into hold till land, Zbuffer
1U4LJ5neutral,(getup), R J GP , into mario cam punch, kickUbufferDJ U
into 4GP, lakitu into L UL for door

CDL mash x2, 4CR, U 4LJ into dive UR mash

**reset-\> TTC:** at star door, mario cam punch into U LJ wall DJ getup
wait for sound cue into U hold, BLJ setup into U CR a few times till
door, mario cam punch into U LJ DJ getup wait for music cue U or just
die into reset timer

**Reset -\> RR: after door:** UR buffer LJ into U wall till corner, DJ
Ltap for getup, BF R x2 into U J kick walls till find

**MIPS2 (SSL MIPS):** normal LLL backup into L UL U till corner ,mario
cam punch CUP cancel, CL, CD mash into Zbuffer 1D, 6dive,7DR grab ; DR
LJ into SSL

**MIPS2-\> LLL:** U LJ into wiggles old LLL entry J UR U LJ

16 Star Strats

**Coin Cloning: 1J3J5J 14PB, into L CRmash, get close to money bag till
sound into mario cam on hit**

**14L, before second sound into mario into mash then readjust at**

**TODO test with only**

**14neutral,4.5beats into readjust,**

**HMC WK: 11 DR 14p PB UL 15 16dive**

**Breezeless: CDRx2,** U wall into 2 R into CLx2 CR, PB kick, U ESS tap
(slightest)

**TJWK Owlless:**

Normal strat until 8LJ, CDL on tree, 11 J UR into wall 2 wallhugs, 1CR,
J into L R sideflip WK dive DL, rollout into ESS U turnaround into kick
neutrap pDJ U TJ neutral into L WK hold for star

**Start - BoB:**

Lakitu skip:

U hold text into LJ 3UR 1 neutral 1 up,

3x mash, U into UR tap 2 steps into 4 LJ, lakitu text mash into U find
the door

D hold till wall, U 2LJ into UR door

2LJs into painting

Backup: reset into BOB: UL into U UR,

**BoB**: timed CD into CL 2LJ,2xdiverollout, LJ U till fence into 2beats
CR, 2beats CL LJ, 5beatCL, lakitu stop cam, in corner, CRmax,punch
3punch lock cam, at 5 beats after bark L 11J,12GP mash, 2CL into L 2UL
LJ mashed for wallkick star

**BOB-WF: save quit UR buffer 2nd note LJ into door**

**Cannonless**: LJ to tree, CL,J,3.5J, 6LJ,,7UL,7.5LJ,10J dive rollout L
J DJ mash into U wall till grab getup, CL, 2 punch into ESS up DJ kick
ESS D grab getup , backflip CL punch, ESS D grab getup x2, with second D
hold for cannonless

**Blue**: as soon as you hear walking: 1U 2LJ UR to tree, 6U J, count: 1
3CR, 4LJ, 5UL,6LJ,9.5U,10dive UR, U rollout dive, (2 dive rollouts) into
UL till fence, PBkick;CL wallkick: on feel (1D2U3J4WK)

**BlueCOPY**: 1up 2longjump upright into tree,up till 6. 1jump 3C right,
4longjump, 5upleft,6longjump,9.5up,10dive upright, mash up rollout dive
twice till 16 into hold upleft till fence, kick; C left,
1down2up3sideflip4wallkick into star

**Boss**: LJ to tree, CR,J,3.5J,5LJ, 7LJ mash, 11 neutral, 13 UR wall
neutral,

UR buffer during cutscene LJ pole, CR, 25-30crawl into Jdive
2stomps,9-10stomps,JR,JUR/JU,3-4stomps

**Tower**: LJ to tree, CR,J,3.5J,5LJ, 7LJ mash, 11 neutral, 13 UR wall
neutral,

UR buffer during cutscene LJ pole, CR, 25-30crawl into Jdive

bonk,CL,Utill wall into J grab,either L punch DJ wallkick or 1,2,3
rhythm,

Wait a tiny bit, lock cam, jump on top into U hold J D into star

**Owl:** LJ to tree,2CL,2ndflap neutral J,R buffer J hold on 2nd flap,
,2neutral flaps ,2R flaps ,12 letgo GP buffer A for kicks

**WF - CCM: savequit**

**CCM Penguin:** CL, J to tree, CR, 5up, timed jumps dive into penguin
(1J,3.5Jdive,5neutral), count: 1R 7U till 17,J,4R,J, (15GP)walk down
till penguin,

Test with D/DR alternates DJ kick x2 for star else:

Ukick, UL kick , U CR mashv till wall,DL till after crawls into LJ for
star

Ending: DL J kick LJ

New penguin: 5R mario, 6,7,neutral, then U , 10 neutral lakitu, 12 UR
16U

**(not in route)CCM Slide:** CR,U LJ tree, CL, coin sound into J dive U
enter

CUP, b mash,6U into DR, on 15 U, (17U,7UR,2UL,U)hold up till wall into J
kick, ULbuffer into L door

CRmash into UL LJ star

**CCM Wallkicks:** Lhold, timed jump all the way down, from corner

J, 5 BF, CL mash into wallkick (2R,L,4A)neutral after wallkick, getup,
CR,lock, R on 3 LJ

**CCM - DW:** R buffer save, till wall, U into J kick J dive rollout,
door

UL Jkick over fence, sideflip to bowser 1

**DW**: A, 3LJ,6LJ,9J,11.5DJ. 15LJ,19 punch, 21BF, 28BF, (backup
23BF,31BF) JLtap, buffer3.5UL LJ into bridge U

CL,J dive rollout,

2nd crystal: CR,timed 1CR,5LJ, CL

Pausebuffer 2U into 2LJ mash getupCR, U till wall listen for goomba

UJ,4J,4.5J,4.5J getup

CRx2, U,3CLx2,4J, 4 x getup LJ into pipe

Bowser1: CL,7Lbuffer into wait for 3rd step into 1-4 tail dragging on
2nd bounce hold R

NEW:

BITDW: 26L hold, 29 UL 30 J 31 dive, U J dive, 29

4LJ L, into 2 LJ UL

3CR,4CL5CL 6LJ

Throw bowser at whoosh audio que for speed

**DW-HMC:s**avequit, LJ UR at the end, UR hold fall dive rollout
,basement star door, U wall, CL into instant J run a bit into LJ
wallkick mash dive rollout UR into door

2URsteps LJ, UL dive rollout U,UR tap for corner

7water steps into LJ

All of HMC: CD,CRx2, LJ, lock LJ 360 LJ U into door in the beginning

**HMC Nessy:** lock 2UR into 2LJ ,J getup into R/DR , CL, 4U,
1J,2B,neutral, 4U,3CL,3UL,1dive

**HMC Amazing:** CUP, 4R, lock, b, U till wall UR into DJ GP for kill,
BF, 2puch, BF, Utap, timed DJ wallkick timed U L LJ into 3 punches JGP
for star

**HMC Rolling:** lock 6 LJ ( 1 after coins, to R tap on 4-5), R LJ UR,
till corner, punch, 1R,2L,3J,4J, dive rollout into star //learn timing

Backup if entered door: just L, door R UR corner

**SSL pyra:**

3-4steps R buffer into buffer UL,buffer neutral into BF, CR punches till
box, on box first two jump L into neutral, 2 J L CR into 8U LJ 10 A dive
star

NEW: CRx2 punches till box, on box first three jump L into 4th U, mash
dive into U UR LJ U LJ J dive

**HMC to SSL:** UR buffer in door till wall, UL LJ U LJ 3stepsUL J dive
rollout into SSL

**SSL to LLL:** A D LJ into U switch U till wall into J UR into LJ into
LLL

**LLLVulcano:** count bully steps:, 1A2LJ,12.5LJ, 14UR, 17Jdive 17.5U
into vulcano

R9neutral,23.5U,24J (24-25),CRx2,6U,neutral4,3U,Utap, RJ. CL8JdiveUL,
change to mario cam at the end

**MIPS from LLL:** mario cam, 7punches,5.5U,1.5UR,0.5U double dive into
mips, else backup

3U,1UR,1J,1U, mario cam, CDx2,4punchgrab, CR, 3steps U into mips door,
lakitu, D J,9D, 4U,2UR,1U,J,16U,J, CR, 3J L , 2U, 4grabcombo,
pausebuffer UL into Z for clip

If grab fail: rollout into U wall, R wall, U wall ( if sound bug: bit UL
? TODO) punch BF punch buffered sideflip dive grab, 7CL,1CR, 4UJ6J,CL
into combo

New strat: Zbuffer U 6.5 CL 7LJ mash dive for mips, regrab, U into UR 2J
second U into corner, mips setup

**DDD:** UL+A buffer till sound cue (start of 2nd); 2neutral,
6U,8neutral,9-10D, top of water

6neutral, 7U till shell

From shell:12 neutral, 3-6D top of water,5ESSD swims into jump out,

U wall into CR mash till wall, UR buffer corner,mario,punch,5BF,punch,R
UL buffer wall,CD,punch

7BF on 6th with D (2BF), 1L LJx2 UL

If missed out of water jump: 2-3R into jump out for too far left, 2x DJ
kick over fences into CR mash

**DDD-FS: hold U during save screen**

**Firesea:** 1-4,1-4,1,6.5, 23.5,25UR,28UL,30R,33D,35A, U,44U,46J,
restart at 50

13LJ,28LJ, 34U,35A,3637.5D,38A,

On riding: on 3rd high note/ or Â½ long note: 4D,3L,2UL,6UwallULwall,
4.5,2.5,3LJ,

On grab: triple jump dive into window or grab pole into mash tests, L
wall into up wallkick hold up into U LJ Rtaps after 3 fall sounds into J
dive for entry

**Bowser2:** CL, wait for hit, 3 punches, on second step punch grab into
combo on 2nd bounce hold R

//2 textboxes: 8J,10GP for no dmg, 2-3 step

Throw bowser for speed

**BLJ:** 2backflip into UL tap , reexit, mario cam wait a bit ULJ into
door

U wall into UL hold till door

Buffer 2 URkicks into R wall, pausebuffer into 3.5D BLJ

Fail: mario cam 10punches CUP,B,punches into 14U till wall, lakitu
2backflip L into DL, just R back into door

Success: clock sound, release BLJ into U/UR till corner

Punch 2BF,Rwall ,JR,4JUR,U, into stardoor

Mario cam punch, U LJ till sound, lakitu CD, BLJ,

Succes: UR,UL corner checks into BF R/L

Backup:

**Sky: CR twice for cool effect** timed jumps 1J 3J 5J 7J 10J 11LJ 12 ,
on box: 1,2LJ,16LJ,19DL 20J 22UR,23J, 25U 26J dive rollout mash U, make
cycle, on cycle: L J L J BF

L2.5J,7.5J 9neutral 11.5BF D tap,

4D LJ DRtap into kicks till dive (tiny bit UR to recenter), R till flame
into L LJ ,land x2 stop till grab

L into heart and cycled jumps,1 (less than 2)2LJ into neutral A mash
till pole, pole glitch getup 4CL red coin into J dive , land into UL LJ
U till wall, position for music cue: last of the 4 music cycles into
2.5nd beat BF; next one is 9 beats after reset TODO TEST for other cues
with emu savestates

BF R at 2

R at 8 till 10

BF L into neutral at 14

BF L into neutral at 21-22

4.5L pausebuffer,U into wall check for goomba

UJ into dive at some point up check UL for corner

**Bowser3:** 3TB, U hold till 5th (silent first) step, grab tail after
run into 4 U-\>L beats, D hold 3rd land sound, buffer R till 1.5 steps
of bowser, grab tail into Lbuffer till earthquake sound, Dbuffer till
2nd step, bufferDR dive for tail, L-\>U for 5 beats into 1 tail combo
Uwith 6 beats, spin and throw at right frame for win

J Dtap, R into talk, R tap into BF L for big star

Split order:

| BOB (1)                 |
| ----------------------- |
| WF (8)                  |
| PSS (10)                |
| Wingcap Reds (11)       |
| CCM (18)                |
| Darkworld (19)          |
| LLL + MIPS (27)         |
| HMC (34)                |
| Metalcap Reds (35)      |
| Toad + Vanish Reds (37) |
| DDD (41)                |
| Firesea (42)            |
| DDD 100 (45)            |
| BOB 2 (51)              |
| SSL + MIPS (59)         |
| Aquarium (60)           |
| JRB (67)                |
| BBH (74)                |
| WDW (81)                |
| THI (88)                |
| TTM + Toad (96)         |
| SL (103)                |
| Cloud Reds (104)        |
| RR (111)                |
| TTC (118)               |
| Sky + Toad (120)        |
| Bowser3                 |

Swimcounts:

JRB:

JRB Ship: 21neutralPB, punch, 4UL

JRB Chests: 5UL, 15swim into neutral till 22

JRB 100: from cannon: 12pswim, 3.5UL/L (doesnt matter), 8D 12neutral;

Ring: 33slowswims into ring

PillarRing: 4,4,4,4

CrazySwim: on30UR3neutral 4D6neutral9L14.5neutral 16L

Dred: 5L

Rred: 7slowswimsUL

DLred: 3.5 after 9neutralpswims

DDD:

MantaRay: 2.5UR

DDD100: 2.25UR, new coin setup, 5R,4R, 4.5L

TO further route: 4.5L into CL max U tap corner

TO backup corner: 4R into CR max U tap corner check

Chests: 2.75UR, 5UL(late), 4.5UL(early), 4.25UL

Savestate 120 run new strats:

DDD 100 metal cap:

1J2GP DR buffer 5LJ into switch U count metal cap 24/32 neutral for
coins or 2 beat L into D

MC Reds: cup cancel after ledgegrab red 2

WC reds: 5R tap, 10 UL, 3PB D, 5PB DL, 5PB neutral 1 beat, 1 half beat L
into 1 neutral, 1 U , 3 PB L 7 GP

If anything you go too far left and down, adjust accordingly

New Eel Strat: on music cue on ship: Zbuffer U 3J 5slow swims into 10
pswims into hold A, repeat count 1 until eel sound, PB on 26 into DL ,
UL during star animation

JRB cannon ESS: 15U,4R

JRB Goomba Cave: 7L8DL9PB stop

New wiggler entry from backup and new strat: just mario cam CD
crouchbuffer CL into kicks from opposite corner

TTM chuckuya stuck case: CDL max into Zbuffer UR 4, 0.5R, neutral punch,
CRmax CL CR into U throw double LJ for wall

TTM chuckuya unstuck: CDR max 0.5U buffer punch CRmax CL CR throw
