# Blindfolded SM64 - 16 Star Strats 2022 by Bubzia

Current PB/Strat reference: [<span class="underline">BLINDFOLDED 16 Star
Speedrun WORLD RECORD of Super Mario 64 by Bubzia in 23:17 -
YouTube</span>](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1pgiz4WYEIs)

**Lakitu Skip:** 2TB, U into 2UR LJ, 2neutral LJ into U on landing for
fence, instant UR PB neutral, FJ(bit less) R into punchx2, lakitu skip

**BOB Entrance:** instant(actually timed, not too early) mario cam into
LJ into JdiveU hold door

**BoB Bomb Clip**: press TBs in beat, then LJx2, Jdive into 2LJ, hit
fence and in beat CR 4.5 punch with UL tap in beginning, do bomb clip
with 3 Js into R wall U into UR corner

Backup: do old lock cam strat and change back in cannonless

**BOB-WF:** DR LJ into UR door

D buffer kick DJ dive, on rollout R into UR into dive rollout U UR for
door , U 2LJ into painting

**Boss**: 4TB , LJ to tree, CL,J,3J,5LJ, 7LJ,8LJ 11neutral, 12 UR 13
neutral into L tap, 14neutral,15R taps till teleport

U buffer during cutscene, 2-3 steps into FJ U into instant UR DJ U TJ
mash dive rollout mash into cutscene

Rtap (instant) J GP, Ltap GP, FJ U into punchx2 GP for star

If no star:

**Cannonless**: LJ to tree, CL,J,3J, 5LJ,6CL,7LJ,8UL,9J 10DJ DR tap kick
UL U till grab getup, CL, 2 punch into ESS up DJ kick ESS D grab getup ,
backflip CL punch, ESS D grab getup x2, with second D hold for
cannonless

//or do sockfolder check in runs what is more consistent

**Blue**: as soon as you hear walking: 1U 2LJ UR to tree, 1U J, count: 1
3CR, 4LJ, 5UL,6LJ,9.5U,10LJx2 into 14UL 16.5fence, PBkick;CL wallkick:
wait neutral 1D2Usideflip3WK,R

New strat idea:
https://clips.twitch.tv/SpotlessGracefulKeyboardJKanStyle-US5HOodPggds4rhJ

**BlueNewStratIdea**: 1up 2longjump upright into tree,up till 6. 1jump
3C right, 4longjump, 5upleft,6longjump,9.5up,10dive upright, mash up
rollout dive twice till 16 into hold upleft till fence, kick; C left,
1down2up3sideflip4wallkick into star

**Tower**: LJ to tree, CL,J,3J,5LJ, 7LJ,8LJ 11neutral, 12 UR 13 neutral
into L tap, 14neutral,15R taps till teleport

U buffer during cutscene, 2-3 steps into FJ U into CL, U till wall into
FJ getup, L tap punch on beat 1J2DJ+L3WK,ledgegrab D buffer,
8U9J9.5UL11-11.5 U LJ into star

**Owl:** menuglitch: buffer R; CL, UL timed FJ neutral, grab tree into
CL, UR hold tiniest bit delayed Jtap on first flap, D hold after talk
1.5 flap J, R buffer 2.5 (rather 2.75), 15 release 15.5 GP

**WF - CCM:** D hold no save, LJ into U wall, UL J kick into U for door

Then buffer DR kick into DL LJ land into instant U LJ into R for door

**CCM Penguin:** CL, J to tree, CR, U till music cue, timed jumps dive
into penguin (1J,3.5Jdive,5neutral), after 9 recount and start next
beatcount: mario, 5.5mario,7U,10neutral, 13 UR 16U (tiniest bit
delayed), 18 UR tap, try landing generally further right into instant
star grab: Dbuffer kick into DL J for star (adjust according to
position).

**CCM Wallkicks:** Lhold, timed jump all the way down, hold R into
corner 3 BF, CLmaxCRCL into Zbuffer D 4U timed WKx2 into UR for star

**CCM - DW:** TB into D buffer, mash kick into DR LJx2 into UR hold till
land into U for door

UL Jkick over fence, sideflip to bowser 1

**DW**: A, 3LJ,6LJ,9Jdive mash rollout ,13LJ, 17punch, 19BF L ,
21neutral, 23 L hold 26 UL 27dive rollout mash into U instant
diverollout, 3 beats till fence, L hold 2 beats into LJ x4 into red, on
sound instant UL J dive into U LJ for crystal

CL, 1J 4CL 4.5CL 7LJ UL tap 10J 13.5CR 15LJx2 UL a bit into coin + walk
singlejump, then after next coin 3.5 step beats into single jump grab +
getup

BackupCount: 7CL,7.5CL,10LJ,13J 15.5CL, 18LJx2 ULtap

1L 3.5U 4.5J switch (if coin its likely a bit too far right), J DJ
timed, J DJ TJ dive into pipe

**Bowser1:** 1A 2CL 3L 9neutral, 12.5 punch grab tail, release into 1 DL
buffer 5UL 6 regrab, same with ULDL, mash into bomb, on 2nd bounce hold
R

KeyGrab: mario cam Zbuffer on 3rd key sound into slidekick

//we can go lock cam after mario cam turn PB change lock R hold into
same key setup

**DW-SSL:** savequit, LJ UR at the end, UR hold fall dive rollout,
basement star door, U wall, CL into instant J run a bit into LJ wallkick
mash mario cam CD dive rollout U into door

2URsteps LJ, UL dive rollout U dive rollout UL hold into 15steps water
into LJx2 painting

**SSL Pyra:**

**\!initiate menu glitch L hold**

**Nobori:**BFx2 UL into Rtap Zbuffered U kick DJ TJ dive into CL on fall
CL on land into LJx2 into J dive into star

**Box:**4R into PB UL PB BF, CLx2, punch box, 3L 4U mash dive into
rollout U LJ UR tap , LJ again into J dive star

**SSL-\>HMC:**

D no save LJ into U CDL mash until run few steps into LJx2 UR taps for
door, FJ dive into painting

**HMC Nessy:**

All of HMC: hold CRx1, U LJ CD, LJ neutral tap into LJ U lock into door
in the beginning

lock 5UR into U LJ instant R, walk a bit till wall into U (can shorter
with UR U) , beatcount from door (might be offbeat): hold lock, U hold,
9AB+neutral, 11U,13delock,14CL, 15CL, 18UL,21 dive into L star

**HMC Amazing:** hold lock from door, 9steps U into UL till wall, J tap
getup, U ESS tap, 1J2DJ+UR, 3U,4TJ,4.5UR6WK tiny bit delayed dive mash
rollout into star

**HMC Rolling:** hold lock kick LJ into 4 LJ 5thLJ UR tap delock, 5 coin
sounds into UR notch into DJ WK R dive rollout into star, if get hit
just do old strat

**HMC to LLL:** U walk a bit LJ into punch when mario runs again for
toad, get star into U DJ kick U into 3-4steps R into U for door, U till
water into CL 2-3 steps into LJ into painting (mash LJ)

**LLL Reds:**

CL, L buffer, 1TB2LJ6.5UL12.5LJ 14U15CL,19R,21D,24DL,25DR,26R, 27U dive
into red rollout into star

**LLLBully:** Uhold, 5LJ,6UR,7U,15LJ,19Jdive, 22rollout,23CR,24LJ,30
neutral, 31.5 U into 35 slidekick, 38 rollout, 43 slidekick into DL CR
pause, change to mario cam, neutral into cutscene, buffer U into falling
blocks J kick DJ dive for star

**MIPS from LLL:** 3punch, mario cam, 2punch, lakitu cam, on beat
1Zbuffer U, 7CL 7.5LJ into dive mash for catch, TBs into regrab: 2steps
U into UR J mario cam mash second jump into U CD mash for 5-6 sounds,
then mips setup 4 regrabs into already pseudo CR into CR, U for 4 steps
into crawl, regrab into D lakitu CR FJ 5 steps into corner Backup if
missed mips: BF UL hold into corner, J kick into punches for mips, CL
mash U hold into CD mash, repeat setup

From corner: D hold 1D,2R,3U,4J,5UL,7J,10J,13J,14U,16J,19UR 22U then
normal mips setup with R tap 4regrab PB 0.5 UL into J kick into dive
rollout, J dive rollout into DDD

**DDD:** UL+A buffer till sound cue (start of 3rd); 2neutral, 6.5U,
15D,22.5U + 10 for clam sound, 5pswims after clam, 1-2-and R into 5D,
hold A till surface into D ESS into 6 pswims, 1-2 R, into jump out of
water mario cam, U ESS getup wait 1 beat into ABkick U DJ TJ dive U into
rollout 5 steps into LJ UR CL into star

**DDD-FS:** U hold A into 4 steps kick DJ dive neutral mash B (instant
on beat)

**Firesea:** instant mash kick into 3LJs, count from music cycle
start:11DR,12R,16Jtap,17DJ 18 dive rollout mash, 20UR,22D,25L,27R,28L
sideflip , CLx2, wait for music cue

1Uhold J, 10Zbuffer D, 12J 13WK U (camx2), 15.5 LJ, 38 neutral, 41L tap,
44BF URx2 ,48neutral on coin, then 50, 1D4.5Lrecount,2D,4.5LJx3, getup
into neutral TJdive D (delay the D input the tiniest bit after DJ)

On rollout mash instant J WK U WKD delayed dive rollout into 4 fall
sounds into J dive L tap for end

**Bowser2:** CL, wait for hit, 2 punches ,1.5steps punch grab into combo
on 2nd bounce hold R

KeyGrab: mario cam Zbuffer on 3rd key sound into slidekick

//2 textboxes: 8J,10GP for no dmg, 2.5 step

**BLJ:**

FireSeaReenter: mash A for TB into UL buffer mash kick into U 2-3 steps
into mash B for entry

Reexit

2steps U into UR LJ into U hold for door; enter key door

CL into UL 5 steps J DJ into clip, R into U for door

R hold instant slidekick , 2nd bounce rollout into R wall, D into
instant LJ, U for BLJs, clip with UR until 5-10 LJ ledgegrab, R FJ LJx2
into U UR door

Backup: U UL into door text into UL hold PB neutral punch, CD taps in
beat, 9.5 DR 10CDRx2, 11R hold into repeat BLJs

Mario cam punch into Zbuffer U LJ lakitu CD into Zbuffer D LJ U BLJ

From UL corner: UJ UR kick UR into hole

From UR corner: first a bit UL then same strat as here ^ mirrored

If straight: J kick for entry

**Sky:**

CRx2, mash kick into instant LJ, J DL DJ DL D TJ dive rollout mash into
2LJ, count from first LJ: 10.5-11 (rather delayed) stop into wait 2
beats into ESS Rtap turnaround, TJ dive R with R right before DJ, into
tiny bit U into LJ till wall, then L till music : after 3 fast notes

Backup cycle: 1-1 recount from new cycle

1U2LJ6.5J UR, 11.5 BF DR, land into on beat punch cancel D hold 4LJ
(after)8 4xkick into J dive rollout mash into dive rollout mash

D till flame into U LJ UL into step sound LJ UL tap LJ neutral getup,
ESS L ESS D

LeftSide: 1ABkick2DJ3.75TJ+instant UL5WK L circle R neutral into getup
or punch x2, R a bit into DR LJ into D wall R wall Jtap for elevator
skip setup

Elevator skip: CRx2, D ESS getup,

1 kickJ 2 U+DJ, 4.25TJ+instant UL,5R+WK, 5.25 instant UR into 7Jdive,

D buffer kick DJ dive into goombas, walk a bit into dive rollout, D till
wall into R wall punch, D J Dwall, J kick DJ neutral Z cancel into pipe

**Bowser3:** 3TB, U hold till 5th (silent first) step, grab tail after
run into 4 U-\>L beats, D hold 3rd land sound, buffer R till 1.5 steps
of bowser, grab tail into Lbuffer till earthquake sound, Dbuffer till
2nd step, bufferDR dive for tail, spin and throw at right frame for win

J Dtap, (5falls into) R into talk , L buffer dive for GG

**Obsolete:**

**LLLVulcano:** Ubuffer, 5LJ15.5LJ,16UR,19J,20dive,21U,22 rollout mash
into U UL entry

R9neutral,15Zbuffer, 16R,17LJ, grab pole 21CL 24mario cam 25CD, 26CL, 29
Jdive into 34lakitu 35CR 38UL hold delayed dive rollout mash into star

**Nobori:**BFx2 UL into Rtap Zbuffered U kick DJ TJ dive into CL on fall
CL on land into LJx2 into J dive into star
