# Lost in Shadows (Kage no tou) Speedrun Notes

Timing starts on pressing “Yes” on the difficulty selection screen.

## Splits

### Garden

Cutscene

Take all memories, just R till fallen bridge

Fall onto memory and continue till end

### Outflow

Pointer at bridge (lower part)

memory behind waterfall

Pointer at bridge 3x (lower part) go up for key1

Pointer 2x bridge and on up on waiting //no need to wait full, key 2
into lever

Finish

### Stations Lower Structure

Grab elevator, ladder into right for pointer lever down memory + gate

Gate: just right into lever into gate

Again ladder left elevator, ladder

Right jump over trap key 2 into elevator

Try superjump left onto elevator, else wait cycle

Superjump right elevator, left for key3 //skip lower memory

Go down for memory, left fall into instant right jump to not fall

Right into finish

### Tram Station

Gate: 2x right turn

Memory into tram B

Cutscene

Right, get gate and memory

Gate:, jump at end of road

Next Area: Yes

### Pillar Path

Just right, dont get hit for speed

Memory into 1F

### Lower Tower 

### 1F

3x pointer turns go up

Jump down into key1

Dmg boost over pit into gate

Gate: 2x right turn into end

3 pointer turns , get memory and key2

Get sword into memory

Skip spider kill, memory , key 3, end

### 2F

Memory, skip spider

Skip double spider

Kill flyguy on way, memory get shard 1, try to skip/ dmgboost spiders

Gate: hold R for cycle, wait for flame, instantly go R to get elevator,
just hold R again

Kill flyguy on way

### 3-5F

Right down into gate: L L R R R R

Elevator right kill, again elevator into left skip 4spiders ladder key1

Lamp 1R, kill flyguy, switch lamp to L key2

Skip memory if elevator else get 100% get (0.20), skip all enemies
(spiders and arrows)

Lamp to MAX, key 3 + lever, lamp MIN to finish

Skip big spider

### 6-9F

Blue spider skip

Kill fly guy jump over fence, jump down kill flyguy

Left into fight: big spider on right, skip spider

Memory into pointer (lower part) into lever x2

Elevator: arrow, spider midright, midleft, mid, right, leave rest into
key

Superjump from elevator

Dmg boost through spiders

Kill 1st spider and superjump from second elevator

Fight: 2 big spiders LR and flyguy //dont die , get level up

Key2, superjump into ladder

Elevator2 into key3 and memory, skip big spider

Next Area: YES

### Factory 9F

Skip spider (run down then jump)

Gate: Rplatform into Rlamp, Llamp, R lamp again

Memory, pointer construction kill pointer again

Go left fight, kill big spider first, key 1 + lever, skip spiders

Jump down to key2 and repeat

Skip flyguy if not on way

Skip spider with rundown jump and kill flyguy, skip next spider too

Key3 skip spider

### 10F Elevator

Get light world memory

### 11F

Lamp R then L for key1

Dont get hit on ladder

Skip all lever, pointer on riding, then memory and getup

Kill flyguy on way

Lightworld memory, gategate

GATE: all R last L

Skip enemies and gate

Skip chainsaw, fall down to key2 (instafall), try to get up?

Key3 with skip/dmg boost // dont grab ledge

Hit switch and go up

Lightworld memory before gate

Skip all go to end

### 12F 

Right into Fight 2hit

Pointer at floor 3x

Lightworld skip first exit go right

Lever into gate

GATE: normal up, then first TOP, then low one cycle mid, finish

Up and skip lightworld + skip lever into gate2

GATE: R, hit, L back, up R hit L, R on door open, through gate, lever, L
finish

Go back,

Key1 into lever

Left 2pointer kill enemies

Pointer 4x for key

Flame switch skip

Go fast through last flames but dont get crushed (flame dmg boost)

Skip elevator on right side below is enemy though

Lightworld memory

Ladder all the way up and second skip

### 13-15F

Lamp MIN, then -1 then -

Lamp LEFT go down, then RIGHT go down

Go right, skip enemies //be careful with chainsaws

Continue uplift, hit switch go first lever then key1 Down for gate

GATE: R,L,L,R,R,L

up again

lightworld : both pillars max

Lamp RIGHT, grab edge then L, up and max RIGHT, skip platform with jump
lightchange

100%: go lower path for memory another round hundo on reverse descent

Go upper path on chainsaws for key2, memory x3

Pointer , go up, pointer 3x for key + memory, pointer all the way for
switch

Memory and finish

### 16-18F (BOSS) 

Just run, you can skip some lights

### 19F

Return for shard

Spider into memory

Go mid then lamp MIN for down key1 + lever

LAMP MIN

GATE: just climb dont get hit, on crossway right

Right 4x pointer into memory

Lamp RIGHT into lever then LEFT

Ladder for key 3 into finish

Cutscene, Next area:YES

### 20F Elevator

### 21-23F Resevoir

Lever x2, Lamp LEFT, RIGHT,LEFT ,1RIGHT, switch

4x pointer, 1xpointer

GATE: L,L,R,R,L

2xpointer, after ladder right

Both levers, lever 3 into lever1 again, right path top one cycle, back
with lower

Lever1 again, finish

### 24F

Right side for key1

2nd twist bolt down for memory

GATE: 1R, then RIGHT, 1L, RIGHT, finish

Down with MIN,MAX,MIN,MAX,MIN alternates //key2

Skip next lamp, just wait for shot and ladder

Finish

### 25F

Instant 3xpointer, 1xpointer, rightside 3xpointer (on way)

Leftside: kill enemies, MAX,MIN,MAX-1 lever

Key into rightside

Skip key into right fall down right puzzle for memory

Lightworld memory 2 turnarounds for pipes

2xpointer, key 3, 2xpointer, wait in first pit, 2xpointer floor into

GATE: LEFT, RIGHT with crawl, LEFT ladder, RIGHT up, LEFT finish

Right lever, finish

### 26F

Elevator

Light world

Superjump left lever

Both switches\!DONT FALL DOWN

GATE: L,Pointer,L,rightPointer,R,rightdown pointer,R,finish

Pointer skip: neutral in corner,hit,jump up, dodge enemy jump

Pit, lamp R lever, L key2, R 2xpointer key1, 2xpointer

Above chainsaw pointer x2, go up pointer again

Switch into time lever, then top left into lever1

Lamp L, still on top R, jump over alternates top, lever

Fight: start left, key3

### 27-29F

Right elevator left, down switch

Top path, key 1 into elevator one cycle

Lightworld memory

Get secret upper superjump switch + 2nd pit secret lever return and
continue onecycle

Switch,rehit after cutscene and perfect movement for no pointer cycle

Lever lightworld memory + back with secret 2nd pit stuff

Down into GATE: R,L,L,L lever,R,L when flame out (dmgboost for quick
turn cycle), L on flame out, lever, R //dmgboost here as much as health
is ok, finish (heal a bit)

Get beginning two memories

Key+lever, upper path elevator, instant fall door get 26F secret memory
from switch

Left side lever, right side lever, left side lever, key left side lever
//invincibility for flame

Cutscene YES

### 30F Elevator 

Lightworld memory

### 31F Residential Section

Down for memory, first lever then memory

2xpointer lower path for key1

Up, pointer go up, pointer key2, pointer into gate

GATE: lamp L, R alternates upper platform R, pit, 1L finish

Pointer 1x, go up, pointer 1x

Lightworld behind big spider

Down key3, ladder dont get hit, Rfall 2x into finish //transition at
lower 2nd ladder

### 32-36F

Pointer lightworld for SHARD

Top left switch, then shard, then mid into deathwarp/elevator jump

2xpointer under ladder, switch

Elevator, 1xpointer

Pointer into lightworld memory + shard

Pointer 2x, up pointer 2x more, key 2

Right into gate

GATE: just climb carefully, left side on crossroad

Pointer down and left for climb

Pointer first screw 1x, get upper memory, pointer to get key

2x elevator, left side first

### 37F

Just R under enemies, elevator

R lightworld

Skip 2nd screw and jump into 4th

Key1 into gate

GATE: platforming into lamp push, hold R long on jump

Down for memory and key, first 2xpointer lower then left

Skip switch w dmgboost

\! JUST RUN DOWN for lever + memory down

Jump mid, pointer1x for key, go upleft with pointer

Take it slow, fall down is biiiigest timeloss

### 38F

Pointer under ladder

Left side first for key, pointer 2x

Kill big guy if wait, elevator first downright, then top right, then top
left

Get gate and memory

GATE: left L, top R, levers L right start R,

Just finish

### 39F

Fall down,left upper, elevator

Left pointer lever repointer for kill, get key, ledge just jump for
physics

Lever + key1, elevatorDown first hole, then memory and second hole after
big

2x upper for key then downright + down for memory

Pointer lever, elevators (kill enemies for exp)

Jump down all the ways, gate + memory right,

GATE: 3xpointer left, pointer right, go mid and pointer in blade,
pointer again.

R with blade dodge, right pointer, crawl pointer to finish

hole1 for key: try opening both floors for spider kills, else key and
then kills

If fast: skip enemies else kill

Finish

YES

### 40F Elevator

### 41-42F 2ndFactory

3xpointer for key

Lamp RIGHT, switch, LEFT ladder,

Left memory

Up ladder gate

GATE: MAX MIN alternates

Right all way down key2, back to end left side key3 finish //kill enemy

### 43F

LEFT jump over, ladder, RIGHT jump

Key1, dont fall down on screw //anywhere

Left way for key2 and gate, lever

GATE: RIGHTMAX, jump down, MIN mid, MAX, LEFT, MIN, finish

Right elevator, activate arrow switch and go lightworld

Else all way up, key, finish

### 44-45F

Pointer after enemy, lever, tram

Pointer skip //careful with getting hit

Switch elevator, just run under enemies

Key, lever, down, tram, lever, back , tram right key

Up DMGBOOST over big pit

GATE: just follow route

Fight: MAX lamp; lever tram

Lower path MAX key3 //easteregg

Fake ladder ending

### 46F

Dont fall down, get sword

Go back to 43F for memory lightworld, right on entering 43F elevator
left lightworld

Lightworld, memory, 2xpointer first UP key

Down switch, switch rehit, elevator gate

GATE: R,lever,L,lever ,L ,right down, lever, L

Right careful key, switch, left to first flame and down, switch back

Left ending key3, dont fall down on way back wait for elevator

### 47F 

MAX switch MIN switch for memory

Switch2, left lightworld one push key,

Right after ladder, careful not fall, fight into gate

GATE: lightworld gate skip

Uplift lightworld, 3xpointer for arrow switch

Fight into switch for kill

Lightworld counterclockwise for key up, go back for key 3

Ladder,right lightworld clockwise finish

### 48F

1xpointer left, 3x pointer right memory then 2xpointer left

GATE: crawl, fight keep left 2waves, key + switch

Lightworld counterclockwise, left into switch into switch back to 47F
cleanup

Get left memory, Down to right side 48F dont activate enemy kill switch
for memory and back

Right elevator, lightworld counterclockwise, back key and back

Down at ladder, skip lever, hit switch w combo, key3 and finish

### 49F

Just run through, no need for switches

Cutscene YES

### 50F Elevator

### 51F Shrine

Just left, after big boys down for memory pointer //dont get pushed off
elevator

Down, left dmgboost for key, up again

Lightworld push box, switch rehit, perfect straight jump to key, left
crumble

GATE: ending: mid, right

Kill enemies with switch pointer and spiders, switch into downleft

Lightworld: little box on switch and big on mid

### 52F

Pointer

Most downleft memory and pointer enemy switch

Back to opening lightworld switch

Upleft memory

Back to opening, down for key

Crossroad first top with gate

GATE: R, R on dodge, skip left elevator, R, finish key

Left lever wait for enemy, right pointer lever wait for enemy,

Pointer 2x back for key up,, left switch enemy

### 53F

Left side first lightworld switch, up into 2xpointer repeat switch

Ladder into key + lightword for memory lightworld bridge //no one cycle

Down into lightworld switch, just follow paths, pointer at pillar

Lever into pointer for upper lever + gate

GATE: R,L,L,right L, lever, left R, left R, lever, finish

Ladder, key2

Lower lightworld right switch big one cycle + left memory before refill
(close)

Exit lightworld, left side switch first, then right key

Lightworld down switch, kill enemy finish, get shard

### 55F Altar

switch , put shards + memories

Altar cutscene

// dont put, go elevator

### 54F Elevator

Lever

// big route difference here

100%: F40 down

F39: left over enemies, kill them; just left never down

F38: just left fall, big fall through pit1 and saw, left pit1 into right

F37: jump R after enemy into pit left, 4xpointer, 2xpointer, right, jump
over pit for lightworld

Elevator, skip refill into deathwarp after memory; left down right
finish

F32-36: two big leftjump elevator, right, elevator, left, after spider
portal pointer lightworld

Memory + shard, right hit switch, just left into pointer lightworld for
memory x2 first left

F31:left after spiders pointer go up x2; left lightworld turn
counterclockwise gate+ memory

GATE: fight up. Right, down, finish

Right NO PIT , jump down right, jump down left blue bois,ladder down

30F memory lightworld

Down F27-29: left fall right until fall pit: JUMP OVER and ladders
elevators up lightworld, push 2 boxes on switch, memory, down 2nd pit
secret lever, repeat with switch onecycle for lightworld and right fall
down for 2x memories

F26: down right, 2xpointer on saws pipe, right down lightworld shard +
box, lever memory

Down right to F25

F25:left fall right lightworld: right pillar 2x, left piller once, leave
right side first then down with shortcut, straight down

F24: on ladders down

F21-23:right upper way till ladder down into right lever finish

F19: down ladders till last one left

F16-18(BOSS): just left for lightworld, push cart 1x, exit, lever, enter
get shard, left to F15

F13-15:leftfall right,switch drop, left lever memory, right side go up
right for lightworld memory, left upper path fall at switch for hidden
GATE:

GATE: R,L,L,R,R,L

Get lower memory and left for F12

F12: down lightworld, switch, get memory, back

Left ladder up , dont die, fall right pit, left fall, right lightworld,
skip first exit go right

Lever into gate

GATE: normal up, then first TOP, then low one cycle mid, finish

Up and skip lightworld + skip lever into gate2

GATE: R, hit, L back, up R hit L, R on door open, through gate, lever, L
finish

Go back, down fight F11

F11: down lightworld, 2xpush, left lever, memory lever out, fall down,
lightworld memory, fall left

F10: lightworld memory, elevator to F2

F2: go left F3-5 gate: L L R R R R, left , get shard in 2F

All way left to GATE for 2x down first one cyclelightworld memories 3
DOTS//TODO maybe later from other side 3:40 from well to lightworld ;
2:03 to shard + 45 to elevator

Back to elevator into B1F Sewer

any%: go 30F elevator,

31F: just right right with spiders

32F: down into puzzle for tank, pointer after tank, switch; pointer over
pit into lightworld shard, return

Down to 27-29F: left fall right until fall pit, lever into 26F, down
lever, right, 2xpointer on saws pipe, right down for lightworld shard,
down to 20F

F25:left fall right, on lightworld right TRAPdoor left skip, upper path
straight down

F24: on ladders down

F21-23:right upper way till ladder down into right lever finish

//Down: to 100% lightworld : 46s+28 to 24F+ 28 to 21-23F+39 to elevator

F19: down ladders till last one left

F16-18(BOSS): just left for lightworld, push cart 1x, exit, lever, enter
get shard, right return to elevator

F19: right ladder with MIN, left, L right

Go to 2F: left all way to shard and back

Go to B1F: Sewer

### Sewer:

### B1F

Fight, careful jumps , pointer below enemies, big pit down, pointer
lightworld

Right, pointer lever drownwarp, lightworld, left lightworld pointer
memory exit

Pointer up,up left pointers for upper switch

Back and down, pointer and up lever, back on elevator gate + key2 and
one lower key1

GATE: lightworld exit into box skip(or push once), then all switches,
finish

Back again and down into pit lightworld

Rightside switch drownwarp, lever, back for key drownwarp

Left fight finish

### B2F

Land mid platform pointer, pointer to lightworld, key 1
drownwarp/timeout (2dots)

GATE: 3rd gate, right jump skip switch, deathwarp, reenter new switch,
down switch, finish

Pointer, lightworld, refill left way memory, ladder, switch, timed
deathwarp (4 dots)

Reenter key2, deathwarp

Fight: jump get hit, kills 2 waves

First pointer path lever, then down lightworld left path switch key3,
dont hit heal

Back to switch path for memory

Fight: kill 2 enemies

Finish

### B3F

Right, pointer lightworld memory, down path first, lightworld up switch
timeout,

Back to entrance lightworld switch, back to lower path

Lightworld down path gate

GATE: just follow, stay on first 2

Shard, backtrack to B1F elevator

100%: right side elevator up

Down path under pointer, gate

GATE:R,MAX rightmost platform, L,MIN, lever R crushwarp,L MAX,MIN, RMAX
long jump flame, LMIN, MAX, R,MIN,L,MAX, finish

Lightworld, left key1,right switch one cycle

Down path under pointer again for key2,3 into timeout finish

### B4F

Leverx2,lightworld switch runback, backtrack to switch path (lever),
key1, deathwarp, follow till lever, lightworld right memory left
lightworld lever back, leverpath

GATE: just follow elevators

Pointer key2, key3.

Fight: first big boys, then spiders, finish

Right, fight first left, elevator F54

Get memories into cutscene

### DarkWorld

### Dark1F 

Pointerx2, L, L, pointer, L, lever back, R, key1,R,R pointer,L lever,R,
key2,L,jump, L,key3, finish

### Dark2F

Key1 left of chainsaws, follow for key2, both levers up, left enemy
lever, elevator, big dmgboost for key3 and back

### Dark3F

R,MAX,MIN,MAX,L,MIN,MAX,R,MIN-1,L-1,MAX,R,MIN,L-2,MAX,R

MIN,L,MAX, dmgboost, MIN,R

### Dark4F

Superjump skip x1, then right because cycles, key2 dmgboost,enter when
platform down, lever, key3, finish

### Dark5F

Pointer,R,pointer,R, pointer lever,L,key1,L,R, upper
pointer,2ndL,rightR,pointers up,R(chains),ceiling pointer,key3 finish

### Dark6F

L,L,lever,R,key1,R,R(timed),lever,back,L(timed),lever,Rback,

R,fall,key2,R,lever,L,lever,up,R,superjump skip,L,R

Left timed R,lever,R, go over pits finish

### Dark7F

R, dmgboost, MAX on floor, key1, L ladder MIN, MAX key2, ladder,MID ,L
,R, L key3 MAX,

MIN,MAX finish

### Dark8F

Lightworld lever, just follow, push cart MAX

### Dark9+10F

Boss: Pointer on platforms else just follow

End in lightworld

cutscene,YES

### Garden1

any%: skip lower platform with cutscene

100% step on platform, get memory

Lower lightworld, push switch, key1, memory,

Lower platform switch, follow, until pit lightworld

Second gate for switch, left for key2, back follow memory

Lightworld, downleft path switch, down switch way back follow

Second lightworld, down switch first ,then sword

GATE: right R, ladders pointer right, L, R, lever,L,R,R, pointer, lever,
R, finish

Key3, finish

### Garden2

Hit switch, go lightworld, 1xturn, pointer,follow

Lightworld switch,back beginning lightworld switch follow

Fight: jump dmgboost kills, pointer superjump memory lightworld key1

GATE: rightR,pointer,L lever,R,back, L,leftR,leftL, L

Pointers up levers follow R climb finish

Lightworld, go around puzzle1, puzzle2 (heal full/timeout after), timed
switch deathwarp(4dots)

key2

Left puzzle1 memory,back to memory1

Fight again, memory

Lightworld puzzle2,dmgboost but careful mid, lightworld

Switch and exit, fight jump kills, lightworld key3 finish

### Garden3

Memory

GATE:L,timed horizontal L, lever, timed R, ladder

L, timed horizontal L finish

Switch, lightworld, cutscene pushx2, heal full, onecycle upright heal
exit (5dots)

Corner1: right pointer floors, hit switch, start fight while all down,
switch, lightworld

No heal key1 + switch timeout, follow switch, lightworld, pushx2
cutscene

Heal full onecycle downright heal (5dots), lightworld

Corner2: right, pointer all 3, cross and make down, spawn enemies, kill,
switch, lightworld

Key2, push clockwise x1 timeout

Memory switch back, lighworld, push 1x counterclockwise

Heal full, downleft lightworld

left kill spiders, switch lightworld puzzle into right switch timeout

Key3 + lightworld

Push x1 counterclockwise, cutscene

Heal few dots on finish

### Finale

Wellyard: lever into well cutscene, B yes

WellBottom: alternates down on cross rather left

Boss: literally autoscroller unfortunately

Time on 3rd switch hit when cutscene starts

For 100%: after credits show save file for completion check
