This document will record all the strats used in the Ocarina of Time -
any% Blindfolded Speedrun using the Ganondoor Wrong Warp in Deku Tree.
By Bubzia.

TODO escape, ganon quick kill new strat

**Table of Contents**

[**Splits**](#splits) **1**

> [ExitForest](#_6qlgg0yxduld) 1
> 
> [Fishing](#_z29x0iuk9itx) 2
> 
> [ExitZora](#_m1i8mek5s1v5) 2
> 
> [ExitMarket](#_27a4y0oe2sa5) 3
> 
> [Ghoma](#_tu78fbum687s) 3
> 
> [WrongWarp](#wrongwarp-1) 4
> 
> [Escape](#escape) 4
> 
> [Ganon](#ganon) 5

**[Notes](#notes)** **6**

# New Route (Deku Only):

# Splits

## ExitForest

CUP

3steps left, ULR out of house

Mash for text cutscene

Uptap Z, backflip Dwalk till different footsteps into BF RRNRreZ, 3 UR,
2LR into U hold for fence U hold jump into getup again into jump again
UL tap into 6 rupees 3.5 steps into A for hole

After 6th step sound T into 3NR, 3RR into 5c

Fast cycle: 5LR up UR 2ruupies, 4LR UR U hold till chest into A for
sword

Retarget, 4 steps U into 3 rolls into 6LRnrreZ, UR tap U into hole

MENU: start, zx2, L into A (equip sword)

On exit: hold U into Z target BF into Dwalk till wall into BF into Dwalk
till change of steps x2, into LR into D walk till wall into D hold getup
retarget, 5RR rupee, 4 LR into U roll UR hold for vines getup into reZ,
R turn reZ into 9 LR, 1DR, 7DR

**LostWoods:**reholdZ, 2NR,9RRnr,6UR mashed, 4RR, Dwalkwall,
9RR,DR,RR,NRreZ,U into jump into neutral grab, Z ,get up, Ztap, navi
glitch B mash CUP mashinto hold down A for textbox into portal

Backup: wall behind monument into LR,,punch, DR, slowwalk down till grab

Backup: if no tunnel: 2 RR into normal setup

**ZorasRiver:**Hold up during water till get up, reZ into 5LR into L
hold no Z, retarget wall into RR, UL hold mash B till 4th rupee, then DL
5 pseudo rupee, UL 5pseudo rupee, then fall into release Z hold U till
second fall into mash b till blue rupee, then hold up till getup reZ,
LR, 2DR, RR,LR,2DR into neutral till red into R swim till 2nd rupee into
UR into U swim till loading

**HyruleField:**

7Up in water till land, 1rolls mashed, LR,RR,NRreZ, DRrollreZ RR into
backwalk till wall, backwalk till next wall, backflip over it, 15RR,
backwalk till wall, 6RR,NR reZ up into ladder(only if no enemies, else
upright taps into it), get up with Z, 5NR, 15RR, 2UR into cutscene

**LakeHylia1:**

DR,NRreZ,DR,NRreZ, backwalk till 1st soft ground,LRrollreZ,backwalk till
softground release Z into water, 18Dfastswims,into getup , reZ 2RR into
UR into A press on door (if no door: L )

**Fishing:**

2NR, RR R hold, Atalk until rod sound, wait a bit,

Downwalk LR downwalk till wall into 5LRnrreZ (target),3NR, cast rod

Ahold11D taps into hope for fish catch, else recast

After catch: CUP cancel, Z target try to reach for fish, then L tap till
navi unfocus, then Rtaps till navi focus (navi goes further away in
right headphone)

Cancel CUP into Ltap reZ Dtap reZ into U hold water into R hold till
wall, UR into 5-6 steps into U hold for counter, A for talking to the
guy (if no wall and instant floor change: do 2 steps R into U)

Get scale, then talk again after first TB(non if Ahold) 2D into finish
talk, U hold reZ into D walk into 3RR releaseZ reZ into 2LR into A for
door opening

TODO backup if fish escapes

**HylianLake2:**

Z,2LR,NR,LR U hold until getup animation

32.5 swims up into A dive to bottle

A, reZ, righttap 90 Z, 9U into dive U into zora loading

**Zoraâ€™sDomain:**

Buffer D until getup water into neutral, wait till land into U tap reZ ,
backwalk till wall into 3 RR into 5steps U release Z slash hope for nut
cutscene

If cutscene: reZ, 3LR into 4steps U into non Z slash into RR into
backwalk for shop

If no cutscene: try Z jumpslash then 2UR into 2LR into U till wall for
RNG rupee backwalk into shop

If no nut at all: do a full other round

TODO backups here

TODO backup for less rupees and amounts

Rupee + nut cycle: RR nr non Z slash for rupee, reZ, RR 4DR slash,
jumpslash LR backwalk into shop

TODO check how consistent sticks from before deku tree, else make new
farm method in zora shop

Shop+all to stairs: Z, slash instant mash jumpslash, RR, releaseZ into
slash, reZ, 4RR,3DR,slash for cutscene stick,reZ,
2RRnrreZ,RR,releaseZslash into nut, put away sword, U roll into U hold
till wall (no steps), reZ, DR, 20LR

MENU: 1L, stick on Y, 1D bottle on Z (menu gets back to C item after
loading zone)

Ltap reZ , talk to the guy with Z

Cutscene

reZ, Dtap reZ into 3UR, 2LR into reZ Ltap reZ, backwalk till wall into
2LRnr,2nr, land, 1RR,reZ,4NR,2RR into bottle mash for fish (LR RR if no
fish there)

Save game in menu then reset (deku route)

Else:

Hylian Route:

## NewGhoma

CUP,3L steps into UL into exit

180UZ,4DR,13LR,2DR, 3LR, backwalk into dialogue, A, reZ, backwalk into
shop

A,R,U, buy nuts, D, A mash for shield,B mash

MENU: Z,1L, put nuts on Z, Z L 1D,A for deku shield

DR into exit

3LR,DR,3LR,2UR,LRspam till talk

U till tall Ztarget wall,10LR

Backwalk with shield till hit, slash into stick RNG

(if no stick: try jumpslash into DR)

180 turnaround into jumpslash for second stick

Then farm until 2 stick gets, U till wall into RR till cutscene

reZ,RR,180,backwalk into dekutree

**DekuTree:**

**OldRoute:**Z, RR, 5UR till navi, reZ,U for vines 15climb getup reZ

6RR,4DR,2RR,DR,2RR,RreleaseZ for climb (carefully for
count),15U,4R,19U,4L,releaseA

3LR,DR,sword B,180shieldturn,targetenemy, wait for turn, jumpattack,
wait for disappearance,

180shieldturn, backwalk into getup, reZ, shielded jumpslash BF mash 3 BF
after web, 2RR (if hit do 3BF RR), DR shieldturn into U tap for ladder,
do ladder megasidehop

**QuickPutAway:**

**From cutscene:** Shieldturn R, 2LR(fast),4NR,2LR shield hold, wait for
get hit, pull stick, wait for audio que (4.5) and pausebuffer, do quick
putaway, then shieldturn R, DR, 3jumpslash, 3 BF into 3RR UR hold for
ladder

**On reentry:** same

**MegaSideHopLadderQPA:**1LR nrreZ,2LR, shieldturn L, 2NR, 2LR with
shield get hit, audio cue for mega sidehop into LR 2BF RRx2 crouchstab
into shield Rturn Z, mash B for jumpslash recoil (if multiple attempt on
QPA =\> no recoil into neutral till water land into no Z D hold land
shield into LR U for scrub;

Else from recoil Z 180 into LR U hold for scrubs

**MegaSideHopLadderNOQPA:**1LR nrreZ,2LR, shieldturn L, 2NR, 2LR with
shield get hit, audio cue for mega sidehop into LR BF 5LR NR reZ onto
wall, 180 D shieldturn into BF mash stick, RR Rshieldturn, reZ
,2DR,1LR,2DR 180 turnaround mash sword for recoil

//QPA B1: BF LR BFx2 crouchstab into Rturn tap mash B for jumpslash

**Scrubs:** FromRecoil: 3BF 180 shieldturn reZ shield hold for hit 1,
4RR wait hit2, 9LR, DR,RR hit 3 into U hold UR (NON Z) mash A for talk
(if not 0.5 health: get hit before last talk)

Z,RR(avoid heart),U till slow door, A to enter ghoma

(if no wall after certain steps: 5DR, into 5LR into 2 jumpslash into L
reZ enter ghomas room

**Ghoma:**

Jumpslash with stick into crouch stab with sword

U into cutscene, Cstick up into D ESS until cutsccene

Wait a bit (6th pseudo beat) nut Utap crouchstab x1 into instant nut
mash, crouchstab x1, lockon jumpslash into double kill //if missed
crouchstab, you can throw another nut and tap U again

Wait for cutscene, die, save and continue for deku tree

## WrongWarp

**MegasidehopReentry:**  
2RR, 90R (shielded), 4LRshielded, wait attack, LR, shieldtap, NR, wait
for attack hit x2 count beat, 2.5beat NR, 3beat(mashed)A LR megasidehop;
2LR into 2DR into shieldturn R, U hold till jump into jumpslash recoil,
3RR into backwalk till wall turnaround into releaseZ A for door

Ghoma: 3UR with walk, 2RR, UR into heart container

reZ, UR,2RR,3URwalk till door/slow, 2slash, 5DR, jumpslash shield

MENU: bottle over stick, L ,D onto CL (R L D for bottle) //TODO check
menuing

Drop fish CR, MENU: equipswap, D CR, bottle over CR, reZ

2DR,DR into OcarinaItems CL+B, wait for audio cue B cancel //TODO check
audio cue

OI, D hold 1-1.5 steps (early\! important), CD nut, Z+R hold 6-7 steps
nut, after 15steps 5RR, Uhold into corner A enter the door

## WrongWarp

Ghoma: 3UR with walk, 2RR, UR into heart container

reZ, UR,2RR,Uwalk till door/slow, 2slash, 5DR, jumpslash shield

Drop fish CR, MENU: equipswap, D Z,R\!, bottle over stick //if too many
tries regrab fish once

2DR,DR into OcarinaItems CL+B, wait for audio cue B cancel OI, D hold
1-1.5 steps, CD nut, Z+R hold 6-7 steps nut, after 15steps 6RR, Uhold
into corner A enter the door

## Escape

//MENU: Z,L,A (HylianShield)

2RR into 4UR 2LR into U cutscene

B mash 5TB; Zelda Footsteps 2UR into UL hold void, R hold kill youself
no save, continue, instant reZ 5LR

**Start:** LR shieldturn L into 7RR 2DR,9LR UL release Z hold into walk
UR U hold into walk till corner into DL zelda into UL transition

**Room1:**LR,U fall, 4UR, U till jump, U till wall into 4LR for zelda,
UR into transition

**Stair1:**UL buffer in transition, jump, 2beats U, 1UL,1U,1UL,2U, just
UR on second jump into UR transition

**Room2:**shieldturn 180 D, 2RR, backwalk till wall into 2LR for zelda,
hold U for transition

**Stair2:**Buffer UL transition, after 2 steps intro +6-7 steps U till
jump, then instant UL mash roll, U into cutscene; U/UL into exit (if
failed, UR reexit for same setup)

**Stalfos:**

U into cutscene1

//if hit before: now OI with bottles, 2RR U into zelda2

Shieldturn 180 D, RR, 2DR, LR, slash buffer L into cutscene D buffer nut
on spawn, walk down nut reZx2 onto stalfos into 5step jumpslash, delayed
renut x3, target second one, if no attack: wait for a slash of them into
nut during attack

Cycle them with nuts

2hits on each with jumpslash into try to target switch

After2 hits OI health and hope its no jumpslash

Always jumpslash into shield wait a tiny bit repeat

After 2kills: OI to full health and try to find zelda with Z and go up
to her

After cutscene: mash target for zelda into CUP cancel U hold for
cutscene U into transition

Reheal with OI after opening

//TODO what if zelda is not targetable

**Stair3:** ULbuffer in transition, 6steps into U till jump, UL in jump
mash roll, after URhold till zelda

UL into transition

**Room3:** shieldturn D 180, BF nr R backwalk till cutscene, reZ into
5LR backwalk till wall into D hold reZ wall into 3RR, backwalk till wall
into 2LR backwalk wall into LR DR cutscene UL into transition

**LastCorridor:** mash URs4-5, cutscene, 180Z backwalk till wall into RR
L hold into UL

MENU: stick on CL ( L CL)

UL into transition

## Ganon

BIG CUTSCENE D buffer rolls into cutscene

Ganon Phase1: after navi TB :

Quickkill: Buffer shield into Shieldturn R into LR nut, RR LR nut RR, LR
nr BF stick jumpslash, shield RR LR DR restick jumpslash quickkill

From here: CUP (hold Z during it) cancel into 2NR,Z,8RR R hold into
sword

//Backup if no nuts: do normal fight, then backup for sword with holding
U during TB, UR till wall into U renormalize a few times 2LR U hold into
notch then backwalk into sword

Second phase start: slash, BF 6LR and bit of walk into retarget into
jumpslash for first hit, then normal fight (without slow turnaround), 3
slash into UR turnaround retarget repeat for 4 hits (only jumpslash on
1st hit combo)

Important: on first jumpslash we need to hit the head: for that U hold
first then jumpslash with holding, then 2 neutral jumpslashes into U
hold for next hit prep, L hold slash

LastInput: L hold slash after 2-4 steps

Old:mash start to equip kokiri sword, Z,L,L,U,A

Perform shieldcombo: nut into UR slash UR, 180Z, shield Ztarget, hit,
2CUP, shield hit, repeat

Going to Phase2: hold up on clearing zeldas TB, hope that zelda is in
front, you can hear navi, try to just UR and bonk at the end after
2navis, then seath sword and RR, LR DRrollNR backwalk into sword

Phase2: after sword cutscene, DR,8LR,Ztarget into jumpslash for big hit,
then repeat shield combo; though CUP targets are not necessary anymore

Phase3: mash cutscene text till sword glow, Target jumpslash

GG

# Notes

**NutFarm:**2UR, 2RRroll, mash attack for 2 hits, jumpslash into RR,LR
checks , after getting, U reZ and LR position either 1 or 2

//If no item, D into exit, reZ, D into entrance repeat

MENU: stick on CL, just CL, R(nut) on CD, close

Up to navi talk,

No nutfarm to vine = 10s

One nut farm to vine = 26s with good rng

Mido house + shop = 18s + 5s ; 25s total still better then farm

Get zora nuts x2 , if didnt get you can still farm

Now we have 5 nuts: nut farm opportunities x2 so max 15â€¦

Zora x2 nuts +1 stick + 5 rupees = 30s; 10nuts, 15 with shop, 20 with
shop + shop rupee and crawl rupee

**OldHylianShieldRouteMarket**

13LR (2long), U walk till jump, U1-2swims, 180Z,Ahold dive U into
loading

**HylianLake3:** 180Z U, wait for getup neutral\!, reZ, 2NR,
12LR,reZ,3NR,17LR,backwalk till end of bridge, A for talk to owl

Just mash A to get to castle

Cutscene

Need to make cycle for 2 times on bridge

Bridge:2RR,180Z,backwalk 12beats, NR, R90,Uhold for 2 rupees into RR
loading

//45g?

LR, UL into A for house, if not A mash on wall till entry

**PotHouse:** 90RZ,RR,slash,jumpslash, DR,2LR,Jumpslash,wait for
getup,LR,jumpslash, 2 neutral slash,
2jumpslash,2DR,3neutral,jumpslash,4RR,RreleaseZ A getout

3DLR into market

2NR,Lhold till jump off box into U A mash for door

U A for shop: A,R,R,A buy nuts, L A mash (buy shield)

Rbuffer 10beats R, then U into transition

URR,UR mash into pothouse, repeat farm

UR into field

QUICK BEFORE NIGHT: Z,2UR, 2LR, backwalk onto chain, wait for night into
NR , 3RR savequit //85g

**Shield(old route, early deku tree)**

MENU: 2Z,L,A for sword

Z,180Z,2DR wait for stone, backwalk to wall, 6RRNR,Dwall,release Z A
enter crawlspace

Z,12crawls, hold up in getup (3fast), Z into DR,LR,DR,reZ on stone,
2LR,3DR,LR,punch //24g

L,releaseZ uplift getup,reZ, LR,5DR,10LR L getup reZ

RR,Dgrabgetup,11RR,DR,LR,2DRNR,LR,Uhold 2 jumps rupee,

Hold up till 4 grass steps, 2LR, talk with A, Z, 2LR into shop

//if you miss water rupee you can get behind shop

A,A,R,A mash for shield get 3B mash

MENU: Z,L,L,A (shield)

DR exit shop

**Ghoma:**

3LR,DR,3LR,2UR,LRspam till talk

U till tall Ztarget wall,9LR

Stick Farm: 5DRwshield,2RR,triple slash,jumpattack get stick reZ

OR jumpslash LR get stick reZ, 2RR shielded, jumpslash kill get stick,
2LR repeat until 2/3 sticks OR 2RRhielded kill stick, RR shield upwalk
till enemy kill stick U RR into cutscene

Mash AB for cutscene

reZ,RR,180,backwalk into dekutree

**DekuTree:**

Z, 2UR, 2RRroll, mash attack for 2 hits, jumpslash into RR,LR checks ,
after getting, U reZ and LR position either 1 or 2

//If no item, D into exit, reZ, D into entrance repeat

MENU: stick on Y, just Y, R(nut) on R1, close

Up to navi talk, reZ, up for climb, getup reZ,

5RR,4DR,RR,DR,2RR,RreleaseZ for climb (carefully for
count),15U,4R,18U,4L,releaseA

3LR,DR,sword B,180shieldturn,targetenemy, wait for turn, jumpattack,
wait for disappearance, reZ double jumpslash into water TODO get switch;
savequit  
Rturn90, Uwall till slow, UR, 5LRshielded, wait for attack to go back,
NR, wait for attack hit, NR into megasidehop hold D shield until wall,
6LR,U till slow, neutral A for box, push 12x times

NR,Ujump,land UR, stick u taps until burn, 180turn reZ, uphold till
second getup,

**OoBB1**  
(up after scream finish into B mash for recoil),(3swimsdown if no
recoil), release Z get on vines, 3R,up till end with Z

2LR,2URbonk, UZtargetwall, R Ztargetwall, LRcorner, non Z slash, shieldZ
4RR into vine, 1D,1L, pausebuffer U and A, hold both and mash until OoB
water, if fail you will getup onto platform

\!DONT PRESS Z\! Wait for link to be still then pausebuffer UL , cam
needs to lock (8s, 15ticks), on 4.5th swim pausebuffer U 2swims,
pausebuffer UL 1swim into Z, 1+2UL swim into 5L(on6th) swim into U fall
into pit, land in water, 3DL tap L hold swims with Z into L grab vine,
normalize 6Rfall into water, Z,180tap,Z,Utill 2nd getup land, 4-5setups
up into 3LR, shield no Z into A mash for putaway, Z fall down into L
hold for corner, release Z for vine, 6R normalize on corner

180turn reZ,U till land, RR, LRroll reZ, 2RR, shield, 2-4 NR for 1st
scrub hit (be careful with nuts hit), R90turn reZ target scrub, 2nd hit,
L reZ, 2LR, get hit till 0.5 hearts (1 after sound), shield into UR A
mash for talk

Cutscene

U till slow door, A to enter ghoma

Jumpslash with stick into crouch stab with sword

U into cutscene, Cstick up into D ESS until cutsccene

U tap (practice timing) into nut, crouchstab x1 into instant nut mash,
crouchstab x1, lockon jumpslash into double kill //if missed crouchstab,
you can throw another nut and tap U again

Wait for cutscene, die, save and continue for deku tree

Z,3UR,U big fall, change to L into 3LR on landing, U,A get up

3LR,2DR into fall, hold U till land, 3LR, U (2UR) till slow wall, A to
reenter ghoma

Ghoma: 3UR with walk, 2LR, UR into heart container

U reZ, 2DR,2LR,Dwalk till door/slow, 180Z, 2slash,

TODO WW SETUP

GS Clip coords: 88.5203 ; -65.81 ; -45.0356 ; 20461

//with GS clip oob we dont need sticks at all, so we could do late
ghoma; potential ghoma death warp setup

TODO check other setups runnerguy supersidehop and b1 skip angle etc.
//find setup for that maybe ; supersidehop should be the fastest after
b1skip

Button for fire + reset = 35s

1min for getting into water vine with 1st try sidehop

Reenter: 17s

//TODO do video comparison as secondary strat for all dungeons /child
dungeons with b1oob

**oldForestRoute**

Z,180Z,2DR wait for stone, backwalk to wall, 6RRNR,Dwall,release Z A
enter crawlspace

Z,12crawls, hold up in getup (3fast), Z into DR,LR,DR,reZ on stone,
2LR,3DR,LR,punch //24g

L,releaseZ uplift getup,reZ, 12LR, release Z L getup, jumpslash into
6LR, Uhold till wall, UR release Z into vines,

**TODO**

CLEAR Test ganon hit dmg for heartcontainers for equip swap safety

CLEAR Test how many hits each phase with nuts, slingshot and sword
jumpslash setup

CLEAR Deku nut (1 chu + rupees lost woods), not needed, ganondorf needs
max 20;10. Possibly for stalfos but also not needed with master sword

seed upgrade (slingshot in lost woods) //not needed, slingshot bad

4 heartpieces child; no just 4 hearts for escape , ganon without getting
hit

kakariko house heartpiece (adult), man on the roof (child), dodongos
cavern top (child), death mountain crater climbwall (child) , ocarina
minigame??? Pls no

Fairy after wrong warp or two bottles, stick gone for ghoma, no problem
actually

Hyrulian shield + 5 hearts work with fairy dupe safety

Phase 1: slingshot 10hits

Dekunuts 10 hits

Just blessRNG for mastersword else repeat

Phase 2: slingshot 18+hit //last hit needs to be sword

Mastersword

Dekunuts nut into sword x10

Stalfos: 5jumpsslash with nuts; 4 each and then finish them off;
mastersword each 2.5hits, so 2 slashes switch

Master sword cutscene fail

Instant deathabuse into mastersword stalfos with 1 potion and OI

**Route**

Sword  
65 rupees + shield + 5nuts;

Get 1x stick for fire;

Ghoma, savequit x2) //kokiri shop 15=5xnuts, 30x10xnuts

Forest Escape through lost woods

Hyrule field -\> lake

Lake hylia fishing scale 20 rupees 36 -\> 16

Lake bottle

Zoras domain fish + stick (shop 50 rupees red potion; 15 rupees 5xnuts)
//5rupee farm

//red potion market = 30 rupees ;

80 rupees, shield + 5 nuts //all depends on nightday cycle, either first
to city rupee farm 99 = shield + 5nuts or first fishing then owl to
market

**New TODO 01.09.2020**

Lake UR after soft

Fishing more consistent getting to shopkeeper

Mido + sign 15rupees; time test farming for 10 nuts/ maybe even 15 with
b1 or as backup

Can also farm again after ghoma1

**Rupee Tests:** aftersword reset to mido = 40s

Back through crawlspace +5 rupees = +10s

Shop rupee= 5s

River 17-18 ; forest 20 + 4 green; zora 20;

78 total ;

Needed: 20 fishing ; 40 shield ; 15 nuts; enough but 15x nuts total;
12-13 for ganon; enough for quickkill but no safety p2

**New TODO 02.09.2020**

DONE Zoras River1 consistency maybe L90Z turn

DONE Zoras Domain nut farm consistency strat

DONE Deku Tree1 web jumpslash consistency strat

DONE Backup failed ghoma take dmg for retry

DONE Backup run from house back to tree

Stalfos beginning script / try consistent nut strat

Escape practice, last room setup and entrances UL/UR

Practice megasidehop

Practice equipswap

**LinkHouse to Tree:** 4DR,14LR,neutral, NR, 3LR water, L till land, LR
till tree

**Ghomabackup dmg:** after b1stone, LR,2DR get hit,U till wall L90Z,
Uwall UR, DR,L90Z,U jump slash into 180, 3LR up wall A for ghoma

Potential b1 skip:
[<span class="underline">https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xPg5Tv6-G60</span>](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xPg5Tv6-G60)

QPA data: Data: 16384 beginning,

140.333.16384 before LRs

22978 after hit, 6598

23128 after hit,

6742 after shield turn

After cutscene: -4 597

Bad after hit: 95, 177, 6598

Before shield hit: 139,159,  
Before Hit: 121, 159, 16384 =\> 23102

Neede: 93, 180 6742/ 6710

Bad:
