This document will record all the strats used in the Ocarina of Time -
any% No IM/WW GSA Blindfolded Speedrun. By Bubzia.

# Route

  - > Mido House 10 Ruupees, 5 behind mido, 5 rupees water, 5shop,shop
    > into deku nuts+stick //TODO redo with new rupee route

  - > (SQ reset) Kokiri Sword

  - > Forest Escape WWT into ocarina //TODO 1.0 exclusive now, need to
    > go from field or ISG escape

  - > Hyrule field to kakariko

  - > Nighttime kakariko; hylian shield grave into zombie grave
    > deathbuse //refresh navi

  - > BotW, blank A oobs into Bombchus ; SQ reset //TODO 1.0 exclusive,
    > redo with ocarina dive (if not possible =\> need to get bombs =\>
    > stength for dodongo =\> sarias song forest + ZL (maybe child bomb
    > bag get) to skip whole travel with adult link

  - > Botw entrance-kakariko-hyrule field //TODO somewhere at child get
    > magic early instead of adult and then back to castle for dins fire

  - > Hyrule field to castle //need to wait nighttime unfortunately

  - > Zelda Guards //check chicken skip; only with bombchus //very bad
    > cycle, need to wait approx. 1 whole night for chicken, can open
    > cave already and move boxes closer, its actually ok

  - > ZL cutscene skip //TODO check if doable

  - > Door of time skip into adult

  - > SQ reset ; Castle into Hyrule field into Kakariko

  - > Graveyard Hookshot, door void out

  - > 3 kakariko heartpieces

  - > Bomb bag dodongos cavern //maybe heartpiece above? Probably to
    > much of a detour

  - > Magic top death mountain // death mountaing also has easy
    > heartpiece // TODO now as child

  - > Lost woods into mido skip into meadow

  - > ground jump skip maze into minuet

  - > SQ reset , castle back to kakariko

  - > early shadow temple terrace with hovers, around 12-14 bombs +
    > 2chus needed perfectly if maybe safe somehow to reset in need //
    > check dampes house hover into seam ; check bomb refill backup
    > //TODO now with dins fire easier

  - > //not used anymore but possible dins fire skip Shadow temple door
    > skip with triple bomb push unload

  - > Get Hoverboots normal

  - > Isg on sign for truth spinner save

  - > get silver rupees key //or later hand kill, probably silvers
    > easier

  - > Go to boat shortcut, fence clip

  - > Boat ride //TODO check way to survive stalfos // stun with nuts?

  - > get bosskey with zombie diagonal wake up glitch/dins fire

  - > Hoverboots superslide over river/ or bow early

  - > boss quickkill cutscene skip // different on 1.2 VC

  - > SQ reset, get oobs fairy fountain ganons castle with hovers+slash

  - > Castle-hyrule field-gerudo

  - > Bridge skip with hover superslide

  - > gerudo gate skip

  - > wasteland

  - > Enter Spirit temple

  - > block/strength skip with statue hovers

  - > Get key1, open door into main room, get hands key, normal until
    > mirror shield

  - > Finish spirit dungeon normal into minuet

  - > Forest temple entrance key + stalfos key

  - > Block of time skip into courtyard megajump

  - > Forest temple block skips with groundjump + hovers

  - > Forest temple bow; SQ reset

  - > Temple of time, get light arrows

  - > Ganons castle bridge cutscene ;enter

  - > GC trial skip with staircase hover or statue oobs

  - > Spin kills frogs, stalfos, quickkill for knights

  - > Ganondorf fight TODO somehow

  - > Collapse skip

  - > Superslide into ganon p1 for sword (faster than hookshot,nuts)
    > else 10 nuts

  - > Ganon

//TODO ZL cutscene skip doable, need to setup health and loses bombchu
tho, and we need deku shield

# Splits

## KokiriForest

Watch cutscene and mash trough deku tree

Watch navi cutscene mash trough navi until get up sounds

3steps left, ULR out of house

Cutscene Mash 1TB

Utap(super slight) 180Z,DR,6beatsD,LR,D into midos house

Midos house: 2steps R,U into Achest,2.5steps R, U into Achest,

L till slow, U into exit (3L into UL)

2RR,D till slow,releaseZ hold D into getup, reZ

2NR,7RR,3DR,sideNRreZ,U into jumps till 5rupees,

2LR, U till mash text with B,U till fall into LR into shop

Shop:3R.Utill coin,5D, UL mash A for shop

A,R,U,AA(mash) for 5nuts,mash with B till exit, 2A for shop again,
2R,Amash for 1stick

Bmash till exit;

Start:Menu: Z,L,CL,L,CR start //nuts CL, stick CR

D into exit shop

No reset: 6NR,16RR, 2DR, 1RR,U into getup,reZmash, just U until 5-6 slow
steps on wall, A for crawlspace //38-40s

All the way through

Get up sounds into Z

Fast Cycle: 2NR,2LR,U till wall, quickly,4LR,U till wood step Achest
into kokiri sword //slow cycle wait after 1LR for boulder to pass

Mash 2TB with B, Z into Uhold (2UR after sign) till wall, 6LR, sideNR. U
till wall into A crawlspace

All the way through mashZ to target rocks for navi? On going out mash
CUP navi as fast as possible, when you get navi text wait for text box
to come out and CL for nut into WWT

//WWT has bit of RNG on where navi is, if you get the wrong navi angle
TODO different strat

**WWT**: 15D into fast walk, L till after second fast steps, D till
jump, \~5D a bit, R into tunnel/wall, if not tunnel then D into tunnel,
R to exit

Backup if left Navi: D doesnt lead into fast walk but steady beat

R till slow walk(2jumps), DR into jump,2beatsUR into R, wood steps into
UR

If no wood : either U/UR, or if too low DR

Mash saria till ocarina get, mash till hyrule field cutscene

## HyruleField1Child

U (5UR) till wall, Zmash into 2LR,U normalize, 4RR into owl

3TB hold DR mash till fly

//IMPORTANT listen to where the owl flies to\!\!\!

**If owl goes right:**

LR,sideNRreZ,LR,sideNRreZ, 2RR, 180Z into backwalk 67-70beats,
DR,LR,continue holding D into second owl hold DR mash till fly

**If owl goes left:**

Rtap, LRsideNRreZ,3RR,180Z,backwalk 67beats with 3LR, if slow walk at
fence continue till fast walk

**If second owl goes right:**

Just hold up(5UR) into stairs, if no enemies yet Ztarget wall into RRs
into kakariko

**If second owl goes left:**

R till wall, URroll, 4UR, wall into Z LRs into kakariko

## Kakariko1Child

180Z, backwalk till slow, RR, backwalk till slow, 9LR, backwalk till
slow, LR, backwalk into graveyard

18ßZ,backwalk till slow, 3RR,backwalk till fall, LR U into A for
gravestone, pull back into let go

RRsideNR, LRsideNR,NR,Lhold into A drop into grave

Grave1: U (3UR) into A chest, reZ, U (4UR) into exit

DR,5LR,backwalk into fall,2RRsideNR,U into A grave pull back into let go

LRsideNR,RRsideNR,Rhold into A drop into grave

3UR neutral into get killed by zombie

Mash for restart

Backwalk into exit

ZU hold until bonk(or quick inair neutral), U till grave wall, 2RR, U
till wall (4UR but if slow dampe talk), LR, URs into kakariko

Kakariko2: 180Z,backwalk till slow, 6LR,4NR(first side),6LR,5NR(first
side), during 6th NR reZ onto well, U hold into getup //navi dive
prepare

Z U jump into neutral on landing, SUPER slow backwalk into hang, get up
again, CR stick, wait for navi, navi dive

Hold UL upon clearing TB

Enter BotW

## BotW

Start: Equip Shield Z,L,A , B SAVE

Z,U till wall(1UR), A get through crawlspace, continue holding U into
reZ mash on wall

CR stick, blank A, LR,backwalk till after dmg, LR,Ajumpslash, wait
animation,RR,DR, target skultullas (quick double Z), release into CUP,
shieldturn 90°left, Uhold into A for pot,A again for throw, 2DR,3LR,
quick DR, reZ, NR, A mash for double jumpslash, clip oobs with second
one, time LR oobs (after links sound) into neutral, on first water sound
hold U till land, LRsideNR,LRsideNR,2LR into dmg, RRsideNR,2DR,LR,DR
into water hold down, fast cripple swims into normal swim for first
clip(aruond 14), then wait for cripple swims again (Uhold starting on
5;end of 4;4.5), if they dont start go neutral for a sec into probably
fall hold D again,

//second cripples are slower than first ones

Uhold into room/walk, U till wall, retarget on wall, 2LR,DRroll reZ,
Uhold into A on third step for bombchu chest

Start: L,U,A for sword, Rbutton,3R CR for bombchu CR, L CL for ocarina
CL save

SQ reset

Z backwalk into exit

## Kakariko2Child to Castle

Just U until jump over sign, go a bit forward into 180Z, backwalk all
the way until slow,2RR backwalk into kakariko exit

## HyruleField2Child to Castle

Instant 180Z into LR,backwalk into owl

//Check again in which direction owl flies very important

**If owl flies right:**

Just U, after some steps(10), Z into 3RR, U onto bridge into \!quick
RRsideNRreZ, U into bridge getup

**If owl flies left:**

RRsideNRreZ,RRsideNRreZ,RRsideNRreZ, 3RR, U till bridge sounds (3 steps
on bridge),RRsideNRreZ, U into bridge getup

18LR into RR,LR alternates till daytime, just U into castle entrance
concrete floor sounds, LRsideNRreZ, U into wall, reZ, DR,RRs into town

## CastleTown

Entrance: DLwalk (2rolls) till slow, Lrolls into main area

Main area: D2rolls into wall/slow, Z into shieldbuffer Rhold till slow,
super short UL into U hold into castleyard

Cutscene into backwalk into castetown again

Uroll/hold into courtyard again //run into the loading zone

3RR into owl

//listen which direction owl flies again

**If owl flies right:**

4NR into mash talk,

**If owl flies left:**

DRsideNRreZ,3NR into mash talk

continue mashing with A for second talk into egg

DRshieldturn into Uhold 10-11hops into Uclimb with Z

Start: Z,L,CR for chicken/egg

reZ,180Z,backwalk into wall

6RR,4DR,10RR,3NR(first side), 2RR, 180Z, backwalk into wall,

Lshieldturn, reZ, Uhold into wall getup, might 5\~ cripples //one roll
on slowwalk ok

Getup, 180Zshieldturn, backwalk into hang, hold everything till getup
animation then go complete neutral, reZ after getting up

3DR into water, Uhold for 2swims into wall, L hold (b mash for speed)
until land,

L hold (UL/U) into getup,3LR, backwalk into wall, LRsideNR,RR,

Uhold neutral into A for push, 8push box, backwalk into wall, reZ, NR,
Rshieldturn, reZ,U into wall neutral A for box, 2push, RRsideNR,
Lshieldturn, reZ, U into neutral A for box, 8push, LRsideNR,RR,reZ for
target, CR for chicken , A mash for talk again // no B since sword atk

Cutscene

LRsideNR,NR,LR,Rshieldturn,reZ, A for box, 9push into neutral
//IMPORTANT NEUTRAL

DR,RRsideNR,NR, Lshieldturn, LRsideNR,RR, Rshieldturn, neutral A into
box, 5push, release into U hold A for getup, reZ, U(roll) hold into
wall, (Ltap) into A for crawlspace

## Guards

D into wall, Lsidehops till 45LR // 5loadings,

Backup if caught: 2DR,reZ,NR,Lshieldturn,Uinto box, reZ holdU A getup,
U(roll) hold into wall, (Ltap) A into crawlspace

//needs to be daytime, if it gets nighttime you have to wait a whole
cycle again

Lshieldturn, 3UR(side),1RR(back),9UR(side),Lhold roll into tunnel,LR
into walk, Uhold into transition

//TODO check footsteps katun?

Uhold (5rolls), into mashed A zelda talk cutscene

Mash all the way till letter get

After letter: Z into Uhold (rolls after a few steps) into ZL cutscene

Learn ZL, CL CUP CR mash further till hyrule field //after shiek nut

## DoT skip

DR,9LR (mashed) into castletown entrance

Entrance: DLwalk (2rolls) till slow, Lrolls into main area

MainArea: D2rolls into wall/slow, Z into Lhold till slow,
3stepsU(noZ),URhold(noZ) into loading

PreCastle: 4Lrolls into change, 2UR,RR,3URs into castle

**DoT skip**: from cutscene: NR into setup

From entrance: LR, U8roll(bonk ok), U reZ, into UL corner,
DR,reZ,NR,ULshieldturn,U into wall, reZ,LR,RRsideNRreZ, super slow
backwalk into NRreZ, DR, Dshieldturn ,2LR,DR into dot skip

Dot skip: super slow backwalk NR into Full D mashed 1frame A sidehop,
into timed 1frame sword jumpslash, double B

If sword hits wall, dont punch again, just put sword away, reZ,LR,DR,try
again. If it fails completely with angle try to line up with dot again
into setup

If you land after the jumpslash, just reZ, 3LRs into cutscene if you
made it through, if not after a few LRs check if wall is there with Z L.

If you void out, just setup again and repeat

2TB reZ, Umash rolls into master sword

Ultra long cutscene, mash all the way through till after shiek

Start: D,R,CR for bombchu CR//TODO check again with menu

SQ reset

## Adult1(Hookshot)

Z, Uhold(4rolls) into exit

PreTemple: Z, D3roll, 6RR, Droll into exit

Market: DRshieldbuffer, just hold DR until zombie screem end, shield UR
buffer, 2URsteps, shieldbuffer, U4rolls into exit

PreBridge: UR4rolls into exit

**HyruleField1ToKakariko:**

Rshieldturn, 11-12beats backwalk into 5RR, backwalk till after bridge
into 3RR backwalk into stairs, on stairs backflip into kakariko

**Kakariko:**

Same as child: 180Z, backwalk till slow, RR, backwalk till slow,
9LR,backwalk till slow, LR, backwalk into graveyard

**Graveyard:**

Z, U(3roll) into getup fence, reZ, 9LR,DR,LR,RRsideNR,Utap, Rshieldturn,
A for grave, pull back till sound, release A, RRsideNR,LRsideNR,Lhold
into graveedge, complete neutral into A; if troll getup, reZ,backwalk
into neutral A for gave

**DampeRace:**

Z Uhold into Dampe, mash text with A; count timer

3Z,6U till wall, 6RR,U till wall, 2LR, U till wall, 4RR,U till wall/door
sound), 4LR, U till wall/after door closing, 4RR,backwalk till wall,
10RR(stairs watch out), backwalk into wall, wait for door sound if too
fast, 3RRsideNR,RR,4DR,3LRsideNR, backwalk till wall into releaseZ for
grabgetup, reZ quickly(better right after releaseZ 180, 2UR+ 2steps,
11LR, backwalk tap DR, 11LR, 3UR, 4RR, URs into goal, continue U A mash
for dampe, if lost lock on strats

Z target, U A roll mash into chest

**From Hookshot:**

Mash TBs with A\!

2NR,RR,2DR,LR,Rshieldturn,RRquickLR into void out

Backwalk into exit

**From Gravestone:**

2Usteps, LR, UR, 5RR,UR+2steps into 7RR mash for exit //if no exit check
if stuck on wall

**From KakarikoGraveyardEntrance:**

//TODO house heartpiece ; 20s

DLshieldturn, RR, backwalk into wall, 3RR, backwalk into
stairs.5LR.4DR.5LR,backwalk into wall, 5LR,U into box getup,reZ,Ujump
neutral on landing, 6LR,DR,LR mash until DM

**DeathMountainPass:**

180shieldturn, into backwalk with shield(1hit),till wall, URshieldturn
into backwalk till slow, wait for boulder to pass into L3steps backwalk
into DC

## DodongosCavern

**Room1:** on a cycle so need to be quick:

Chu (CR) into U till wall, shieldrelease slash into cutscene reZ Uhold
into navi text, A into reZ, Uhold for double jump getup, (noreZ), 3RR
into dmg quick U hold into getup, Rshieldturn into wait for top reach
sound, Then Uhold into slow, continue till super slow wall,2RR Uhold
into getup, Uhold into switch cutscene

reZ, Uhold into jump into neutral, 3RR, Uhold into jump neutral, wait
for top reach sound, jump , , Uhold into jump jump, 3RR Uhold till wall
A for exit

**Room2:** seathe sword with A mash at beginning, reZ, 180shieldturn,
backwalk into wall, 3RR,2DR,LRsideNR,Chu(CR) wait for explosion into
cutscene

2xCUP for cam, Rshieldturn, 8DR, Rshieldturn, U(2rolls) till wall,
reZ,RR,DR,slash,jumpslash into health (should have 1-2hearts), U short
till wall again, 11LR,4DR, 4LR, Lshieldturn into A for Room3

**Room3:**

Instant Z into hold U, auto grab getup just hold up, continue through
cutscene, just A, go neutral in jump for no roll into U wall A for door
(before the bats hit you)

**Room4:**

Seathe sword, Z Just URs, 7 into U till jump, 7 after jump for no music
corridor change

180shieldturn into backwalk to ledge, get up into reZ(slowly, cam
glitch), 2NR, 180shieldturn, LRsideNRreZ,Uroll into jump getup, hold Z
all the way into reZ on standing still, ULshieldturn, Uhold into jump,
LR U hold into get up, U hold into chest wall, A for bombbag

//backup if angle bad, reZ on wall behind chest, LR corner,
DR,reZ,NR,DR,RR,Uchest

SQ reset

Backwalk out of DC

## Magic

DRshieldturn into backwalk till second slow wall, reZ,2NR,URshieldturn,
Uhold(4rolls), till second getup(one giltched;second jump is normal),
reZ on wall, Rshieldturn into Z Chudrop, ZChudrop after explosion for
second boulder, Uhold into getup ,Lshieldturn, Uhold for 2getups,

180shieldturn, backwalk till meteor end/wall, 180shieldturn, 3RRsideNR,
Uhold into climb

Climb: Just U all the time with 2L somewhere close after the first
skultula,

//WATCH OUT FOR THE SKULLTULAS, go slow into 1-2 steps if they see you
or try to wait them out

After getup: 3LR pull chu U hold into fairy fountain after explosion

Z Uhold(3rolls+steps) into CL Ocarina, play ZL into mash TBs till magic
get

On fairy exit, reZ into backwalk out of fairyfountain

## Minuet

//if heartpiece: 6LR,backwalk into crater; LRsideNRreZ,
10RR,180shieldturn, backwalk into grab, letgo into U after a while to
grab below, Uhold into heartpiece, just down into voidout, backwalk into
exit again ; 50seconds

No Heartpiece: 180shieldturn, 3DR into big fall, hold D till stone (bit
after dmg sound end) LR, backwalk until ledgegrab, go neutral (probably
will getup, then reZ after still into backwalk neutral ledge again),A
for drop, reZ into 6LRmash for goron city entrance

If 0.5hearts: Uhold into jump, neutral at the very end to land on the
second level with dmg

2RR, backwalk a bit into corner, 180reZ, Chu(CR) drop hold U into lost
woods entrance

**LostWoods:**

Start: R,R CL, Hookshot on CL

NR,10LRsideNRreZ,LRsideNRreZ,2LR,backwalk into mido, setup Rtap with
hookshot

mido skip with single jumps until you hit wood floor, reZ,backwalk a tap
into wall,

8LR,DR,6LR,9DR,4LRmashed into SFM

**SFM:**

7NR into groundjump setup, 2UR into groundjump up fast\! (before the
fatass hit you),1RR, Uhold 3jump, 180shieldturn, backwalk into grab edge
get up reZ for turnaround, 1LR, 6DR(safe), DR, now timed based on fatass
hits: LR,DR / RR,DR total of 5 times then 3DRsideNR,RRsideNR,LR,buffer
D,Z, and bomb CD for minuet cutscene skip

Save into not continue reset, mash A for start again

## ShadowTempleEntrance

//TODO hookshot jump method

If dodongo heartpiece: 50s slower

If reset: same as adult1Hookshot

Z, Uhold(4rolls) into exit

PreTemple: Z, D3roll, 6RR, Droll into exit

Market: DRshieldbuffer, just hold DR until zombie screen end, shield UR
buffer, 2URsteps, shieldbuffer, U4rolls into exit

PreBridge: UR4rolls into exit

**HyruleField1ToKakariko:**

Rshieldturn, 11-12beats backwalk into 5RR, backwalk till after bridge
into 3RR backwalk into stairs, on stairs backflip into kakariko

**Kakariko:**

Same as child: 180Z, backwalk till slow, RR, backwalk till slow,
9LR,backwalk till slow, LR, backwalk into graveyard

**Graveyard:**

**HookshotHouseSeam:** DRsideNR,Uhold A slash Uhold into getup, reZ, 3NR
into A jumpslash instantly for ghost kill, 3LR,releaseZ,A for seathe,
RR,LRsideNR, Uhold into fence, RR,LRsideNR off fence, LR,RRsideNR,A
slash, Uhold into ghost spawn timed A jumpslash into kill, DR,8RR into

Dhold into wall, releaseZ, getup, reZ, 3RR,U jump off, 180shieldturn,
seathe sword A, Uhold into get up, reZ, 5DRsideNRshieldhold, ISG with
sign, if sign drops you got it; if sign without drop URshieldturn
repeat,  
**ISGget:**

reZ, U till wall into reZmash, seathe sword A, LR Uhold until get up
fence, if still at wall repeat,

Fence: reZ,4RRsideNR, releaseZ ,Dtap reZ, CL hookshot into Dtap shoot
till hit, 180tap, Z Dhold, DR, Uhold into edge, Ltap90°turn, backwalk to
edge,

**Hover:**

Count footsteps: 1st Hover: bomb on step, jump on 5

2-6hover: bomb on step, jump on 4.5 exactly timed

**Seam:**

Rtap turn, noZ, L till seam, Uhold until trap corner (if slow walk U, DR
L into edge, noZU hold into trap corner), noZ U into trap corner UL
pausebuffer, Z RR Rhold into neutral NR, releaseZ, U into URpausebuffer,
LRsideNR,LRsideNR,LRsideNR,neutral pausebufferL into edge,U into edge,
neutral pausebufferL into edge, U into edge neutral, U without Z,
URstartbuffer, LRsideNR,3LRinto sideNR U hold, release Z, U,
URstartbuffer, Z D into edge, 5LR, Lhold into seam, U hold into seam, UL
hold alternates into cornerseam, backwalk into seam, slow walk sideNR,
neutral, 180tap, reZ, 4NR, Rhold into edge RR mash into shadow early

## Shadow Temple

//Uhold(1roll) into wall, DRsideNRreZ, RR,LRsideNR, CL

Rshieldturn, 5LR

hookshot Dtaps into hook, getup, reZ, 180shieldturn, 2DR into B for navi
text, reZ DR, 5RRsideNR, Uhold(1roll after fake) into A for door

**Room2:**

Z, Uhold 2roll into navi text, B into A for clear, Uhold till wall, 2RR,
Uhold 2roll till wall, DR,2LR, Uhold into navi text, Uhold roll into
navi text, Uhold into wall, 2RRsideNR, Uhold into navi text, Uhold 2roll
into wall/door, A to enter

**Deadhand:**

Z Uhold into hands, wait till lock on into 3DR mash out of hands, A
slash, store jumpslash, release Z, CUP twice for cam, crouch stab him
twice, wait for dissapear, Uhold again into hand, repeat with 2DR after
lockon (RNG now, he can spawn everywhere, try to mash out of hands as
fast as possible always to not lose health), slash for first dmg into DR
jumpslash storage crouchstab second dmg kill

Cutscene, seathe A, reZ, Uhold roll mash into hovers chest

Mash text with A, reZ, Uhold (2rolls) into wall/door, A for exit

//TODO backup for chest

//TODO SQ reset for health

**Room2.2:**

Uhold 3roll till wall, 2RRsideNR Uhold 1roll till wall, LRsideNR Uhold
1roll till wall, RRsideNR Uhold 1roll into wall/door, A for exit

**TruthSpinner:**

Z, 180Z into backwalk until ledgegrab, getup, reZ, 2LR, Uhold until
spinner TB, A mash, reZ, NR, DR, 2RR, ISG till sign sound ( if fail
target sign into Lshieldturn repeat), A seathe, reZ

,RR,2DRsideNRreZ, A for push, first one 2push U, go neutral during push
for cam

Backwalk into fail or good

Fail: U A repeat

Good: TODO

2nd fail: U A repeat

Good: TODO

3rd good: cutscene into full neutral, LR, reZ, 3NR, RR,reZ,
180shieldturn, start: Z L A into hover boots, backwalk over bridge until
wall with 1RR during slope, backwalk till wall, 5RRsideNR 4RR start L A
for normal shoes, RRsideNRreZ into A for door //ZUR tap into neutralRtap
into A

**Room3:**

Rshieldturn, 4DR, 8RR, 180shieldturn, Uhold into jump hold up for no
dmg, U till wall, RR into corner

**Wallclip:**

3LR, CUP,Rtap,shield stab, Z jumpslash mash, if through: long fall

Else, reZ on Uwall into 4RRs seathe repeat

After clip, U till wall , reZ, RR corner, 180shieldturn,RRsideNRreZ,
DRsideNRreZ,3LR,RRsideNRreZ, LRsideNR,Uhold roll into jump, hold up into
wheel grab instant neutral, getup reZ, 2NR,3LR

Start: Rbutton, R,R,D CR, ocarina for bombchus ?

**Boat:**

CR ocarina, play ZL, buffer D during cutscene into walk, till 2 steps
slow into shield, Lshieldturn, wait till end of boat shaking/bells end
(enemies should not hit you, they should run of)

Uhold into jump go neutral , try 12URsideNR, Rtap A for door

If not backup: reZwall, Lshieldturn, backwalk into edge, getup,
reZ,3NR,Rtap into A for door

**PreBosskeyRoom1:**

RRsideNRreZ, Uhold (3rolls) till wall reZmash, 6LR,3steps(1roll),
6RR,Uhold till topwall super slow, RR into A for timed bosskey door

**BosskeyRoom:**

Buffer U during entering, pausebuffer after 1step into UR into dmg A
mash slash wall for zombie wake up, glitch trough wall

Continue UR till second zombie cry into neutral, reZ, U reZ, quick 2LR,
RR, 180Z, 3A jumpslash into U into chest A //not much time for
everything, around 1 seconds to waste

Wait for void out

After voidout, Dhold into A for exit

**PreBosskeyRoom2:**

RRsideNRreZ, Uhold(3rolls) till wall, reZmash, 9LR, Uhold(1roll) till
wall, 4LR A into door

**KeyRoom:**

Wait for enemy to attack, lockon into jumpslash for kill, quickspins
until kill

//TODO if he somehow respawns, try to shield his attack into jumpslash
quickspins, 1hit means death

Cutscene

Seathe sword A, U hold mash A for chest (key)

Uhold(1roll) till wall/door, A for exit

**PreBosskeyRoom3:**

//quick, enemies will kill you

180shieldturn, RR, backwalk into wall (6slower steps), LRsideNRreZ,
Uhold(3rolls) into wall, LR A into exit

**BoatRoomSuperslide:**

LR,Lshieldturn, 3RR superslide setup into hoverboots

**Superslide:** beatcount, 1bombdrop RR, 3bombdrop, DR 5reZ,6NR7NRshield
Amash into start after explosion for hoverboots ; buffer L and R during
menu //TODO menu

After landing: start L A for normal boots

180Z reZ wall, 7LR,Utill wall, UL hold into few steps A for enter

**LastRoom:**

Uhold into jump neutral, 180shieldturn, backwalk into edge, reZ, NR,
Rshieldturn, Uhold into jump full U get up, reZ, Rshieldturn, Start
equip hovers: R,A , Uhold into ledgegrab get up reZ, URshieldturn, U
hold until fixed ground, start: L,A for normal boots, Z A NR mash till
enter bossroom

**Boss:**

Quickkill setup: LRsideNR,LR,RRsideNR,NR,bombdrop, Lshieldturn, wait a
bit, D hold into jumpslash fall, quickspin mash until kill

Cutscene

Seathe sword A, LR,RRsideNR, Uhold into heartcontainer

reZ, backwalk into warp

Cutscene mash all the way

## DoubleDefense

**Bombfarm:**

reZ, Uhold into fence,Ujump (4roll) into fence, Ujump(4roll) ,LR,Uhold
(4rolls) into exit

Backwalk back into graveyard

DLshieldturn, 4DR,LR,charged blade into bombfarm, Uhold (4rolls) into
repeat

After 2 bomb drops: SQreset

//magic drops sound with refill, use to distinguish

Z, Uhold(4rolls) into exit

PreTemple: Z, D3roll, 6RR, Droll into exit

Market:Lshieldbuffer, release till after zombie scream, shieldbufferU
(2roll) into ganons castle

Cutscene

DLshieldturn, 2RR, backwalk until navi

DRsideNRreZ,2LR,Dtill wall, ,DRsideNRreZ, DL shieldturn, Dhold
crouchstab second frame pause into hoverboots into fairy fountain ,Z,
Z,L,A I think

Start: equip normal boots Z,L,L,A

Uhold(4rolls) into CR ocarina, play ZL

Mash all the way through fairy

## GerudoVillage

SQreset

Z, Uhold(4rolls) into exit

PreTemple: Z, D3roll, 6RR, Droll into exit

Market: DRshieldbuffer, just hold DR until zombie screem end, shield UR
buffer, 2URsteps, shieldbuffer, U4rolls into exit

PreBridge: UR4rolls into exit

**HyruleField:**

DLshieldturn, superslide RR setup

Slide all the way till 3rd cow into LR mash into gerudoBridge

**GerudoBridge:**

ULshieldturn, RRsideNR,RRsideNR, 180shieldturn, backwalk for 23 beats
(gerudo theme),

RR, LRsideNRreZ,RR,superslide setup RR, on landing equip normal boots
start: L,A

URshieldturn, RR backwalk into gerudo // superslide setup RR //
supersllide saves 2 seconds

**GerudoVillage:**

DLshieldturn, backwalk into trapped

**Trapped/GateSkip:**

LRsideNRreZ, NR,CL hookshot all the way up into B mash for jumpslash,
2NR, 180shieldturn, hookshot into slowest Utaps till very edge hit, clip
through floor, Rshieldturn, U reZ on wall, DR,RRsideNRreZ, Uhold into
getup, DRshieldturn,reZ,Dwalkledgegrab

Learn gate skip blindfolded timing, 3.5 UL into UR reZ LR, frameperfect
jumpslash

8UR, URshieldturn, DR, backwalk into desert

TODO

**MegaflipGateSkip: from reenter:**
LR,Dshieldturn,RRsideNRreZ,Dshieldturn,RRsideNRreZ,Dshieldturn,Beatcount:
1bombdrop,3roll,5backflip,8megaflip roll

**Wasteland:** beattimed backwalk over gap, then normal shoes normalized
movement

Till spirit TODO

# Heartpiece Stuff

//TODO house heartpiece from entrance is super easy, 180Z,back**w**alk
into 3DR, Lhold into house

HouseHeartpiece:backwalk past anju, 4LR, Uhold jump over fence, LR,
180Z, 2DR, Dhold into release Z into getup entrance

DR into Heartpiece1

U/UL into exit

HouseToGraveyard: LR,Uhold till jumproll, 2LR, 180Z, backwalk into
graveyard

//TODO man on the roof with child? Kind of a detour but only like
1min,20s

//dodongo top heartpiece? Kind of a detour 1 min

//Crater after magic?

Dupeing heartpiece man on roof, zfg nsr vod TODO

# Notes

  - > Started 01062019

  - > Definitely need n64/GC controller on emu

  - > Before the game: use 1 character name for frames

  - > If switching between emu with GC controller or any kind of other
    > controller to n64 etc. check all the shield turn values again.
    > Notches are different and it can mess up angles

  - > Z on hold, headphone mode
