This document will record all the strats used in the Ocarina of Time -
Ganonless Blindfolded Speedrun using the King Dodongo Wrong Warp. By
Bubzia.

Ref: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=byLA\_Jr805w

# Route

the route will be: sword, shield + nuts, scale (yes, the fishing hole
again), bottle + fish, DoT skip, pocket egg, rba for golden gauntlets,
cojiro, dodongo's cavern, mushroom, potion, saw, rba for
lullaby/prelude, magic meter, steal epona for Gerudo bridge, broken
sword, rba for shadow/spirit medallion, warp to Temple of Time for FW,
credits warp in dodongo's cavern

it has a few new tricks: rba and a staircase hover to steal Epona

all in all this route should be a little shorter than the Volvagia warp
one

parisianplayer04.05.2018

yeah, I was wondering if you would have needed the epona song

I forgot you can hover out of lon lon ranch and it thinks you escaped
with epona

(if I'm right)

katun2404.05.2018

that's right

also, one of the RBAs cancels Epona's Song, so it would be useless
learning it, but I immediately dismount Epona after stealing her, then
save, then mount again

that way her initial position is saved

....cause the narrow plank thingy at the start of Gerudo Valley sucks
balls with Epona, there's no way to normalize the camera at all with her

# Splits

## ExitForest

CUP

3steps left, ULR out of house

Mash for text cutscene

Up 180Z,12DR,2RR,NR, reZ, and just up into getups 3xZ spam, 3UR/U till
wall,

2LR, up A into enter

Backup: RR corner, Rtap(not getup) into 2DR L90

UZwall,DR,LR,DR,RR,UR into U wall get in for rupees(15)

All the way through

Get up sounds into Z

3NR, 3RR into 5c

4LR wait till rock is close then LR, up 2ruupies, UR till wall,
2RR,DR,U, 6LR, UR, DR, NR, up till chest into A for sword

MENU: 2Z,L,A for sword

Savequit

CUP,2UR,LR into exit

U DR into backwalk till wall, getup reZ, 5RR into rupee 4LR up till
wall, UR release Z into vines

6U getup, Z,

R90,8LR,DR,5RR,Dbackwalk into lost woods

**LostWoods:**reholdZ, 2NR,9RR,7UR mashed, 4RR, Dwalkwall,
9RR,DR,RR,NRreZ,U into jump into neutral grab, Z ,get up, Ztap, navi
glitch B mash CUP mashinto hold down A for textbox into portal

Backup: wall behind monument into LR,,punch, DR, slowwalk down till grab

## Fishing

**ZorasRiver:**Hold up during water till get up, U into UR, Ltap9Z, 3RR,
U hold into ZR2 strat

Old:Z, 7LR mashed into water, fastswim L till 4 coins, then fastswim D
for 12, 9L till waterfall into 6D till waterfall, 7L after 2nd
waterfall,8L into 4D into fall ,downright fastswims till land into D
loadingzone //48g 15-20g in river

**HyruleField:**

7Up in water till land, 3 rolls mashed, LR,RR,NRreZ, DRrollreZ into
backwalk till wall,5DR,back till wall, backwalk till next wall, backflip
over it, 15RR, backwalk till wall, 6RR,NR reZ up into ladder(only if no
enemies, else upright taps into it), get up with Z, 5NR, 15RR, 2UR into
cutscene

**LakeHylia1:**

DR,NRreZ,DR,NRreZ, backwalk till 1st soft ground,LRrollreZ,backwalk till
softground into DR mash into water, 18Dfastswims,into D releaseZ getup,
reZ, 1UR U 16 steps/after fast corner,A into fishing //if no backflip
into water: reZ and then Dswims

**Fishing:**

RR, Atalk, wait a bit, Z 7steps U, talk,x for yes,mash B till sound

Z into D till wall3RRcorner, 4LR,6DR,8LR,lockon B for fishing

Land in water, hold A, slow D 6x, then tiny A taps

//if no bite:

10s wait, Second throw: B repeat

If bite: hold L A and hope no escape ; else reset/reenter fishing game/
TODO backup

2A into random camera position

CUP into search audio cue with navi fish lockon (close fish)

Z hold CUP again at navi goes away left of fish,

U into water, R till soft, UR wall, U till wall 6 steps A talk

talk to him for golden scale

A again, A,2D,2A, Z, D to wall, 2RR, Rtap, 2LR,A to exit

## ExitZora

**HylianLake2:**

Z,2LR,NR,LR neutral wait for water position

35 swims up into A dive to bottle

A, reZ, righttap 90 Z, 9U into dive U into zora loading

**Zoraâ€™sDomain:**

Neutral till dive up

Z, hold D till no sound, LRroll,DR,punch(5rupees), U hold into shop

**Shop:** just back out again

slash,jumpslash,RR,releaseZslash(5rupees),Z,4RR,3DR,slash into stick

RR,RRrollreZ, RR, non Z slash, get nuts, Z 2LR backwalk into shop

Repeat x2 for 15 nuts but with LR,DR,Jumpslash instead pickup cs
(2Ujumpslash into LR D shop is also good)

On last time just seathe, 180Z;RRrollNRreZ hold U releaseZ 25stepsUhold
till wall,3UR normalization

R90tap,Z,RR,reZ,NR,20DR+Dtap,180Z

MENU:

Nuts CD,L Stick CL, D Bottle CR

X, mash B till cutscene (25weeps)

2CUP after cutscene, 180Z, 2UR, 180Z, backwalk till wall, CR bottle,
2LRroll3NR (fall), RR,reZ,4NR,2RR instant CR for fish //might need to
mash a while, or do LR/RR alternates

reZ after caught/ RR position if alternates

Backwalk till wall/no sound, slash pot

13LR (2long), U walk till jump, U1-2swims, 180Z,Ahold dive U into
loading

**HylianLake3:** 180Z U, wait for getup neutral\!, reZ, 2NR,
12LR,reZ,3NR,17LR,backwalk till end of bridge, A for talk to owl

Just mash A to get to castle

Cutscene

Need to make cycle for 2 times on bridge

Bridge:2RR,180Z,backwalk 12beats, NR, R90,Uhold for 2 rupees into RR
loading

//45g?

LR, UL into A for house, if not A mash on wall till entry

**PotHouse:** 90RZ,RR,slash,jumpslash, DR,2LR,Jumpslash,wait for
getup,LR,jumpslash, 2 neutral slash,
2jumpslash,2DR,3neutral,jumpslash,4RR,RreleaseZ A getout

3DLR into market

2NR,Lhold till jump off box into U A mash for door

U A for shop: A,R,R,A buy nuts, L A mash (buy shield)

//TODO check exact rupee count and nuts stick

**MarketToTemple:** beatcount: 3L,1UL,6.5L into U

Lbuffer,4LR, 5UR with UR tap

Cutscene

**Temple(**Dotskip):

Setup:RRsideNRreZx2,2LR,RRsideNRreZ

RRsideNRreZ, backwalk ESS NRreZ, 17LR,DR,LR,2DR

Dotskip: D ESS roll into mash (timed) sidehop full down stick into clip
timed B jumpslash

4LR, mash cutscene

Cupx2 mash UR for adult

Long cutscene

Save quit

## RBA1

//TODO check daycycles

Z, Uhold(4rolls) into exit

PreTemple: Z, D3roll, 6RR, Droll into exit

Market: DRshieldbuffer, just hold DR until zombie scream end 3slow
steps, shield U buffer,Urolls into exit

PreBridge: UR4rolls into exit

**HyruleField1ToKakariko:**

DRsideNRreZ, backwalk 5 into slow, backflip over , backwalk all the way
to kak

**Kakariko:**

Same as child: 180Z, backwalk till slow, RR, backwalk till slow, 9LR,
5DR talk, get pocket egg

reZ, backwalk till second navi sound, 5LR,DR,2LR, backwalk till slow,
2RR, D into field

**Field(bottle on B):**

180Z,5DR,14RR,UZtarget, Zslash,nonZshlash, CR fish, Zslash,RR,bottle
into sword B press 1-2frames before water (TODO practice) into neutral,
after getup, U into LRnr, 180Z,shieldswipe fish //TODO backup

15RR wait for hatch into backwalk kak

MENU: egg on CR //TODO maybe steal epona in the meantime; depending on
day night cycle , if night entrance kak then only bottle on B, if day
steal epona

**Kakariko2:** 180Z,backwalk till slow, 8RR, 4DR, RR, 3UR
grass,4RR,5DR,10RR into dirt, 2DR,RRmash into DMT

**DMTtoDodongo:**

Go to dodongo entrance and wait for hatch, on hatch RBA gauntlets and
enter //and dupe bottle over sword while doing it

Finish dodongo

Back to kak for 2 trade items

Just do quest
