This document will record all the strats used in the Ocarina of Time -
any% Blindfolded Speedrun using the Ganondoor Wrong Warp in Deku Tree.
By Bubzia.

**Table of Contents**

**[Splits](#splits) 1**

> [ExitForest](#exitforest) 1
> 
> [Fishing](#fishing) 2
> 
> [ExitZora](#exitzora) 2
> 
> [ExitMarket](#shield) 3
> 
> [Ghoma](#ghoma) 3
> 
> [WrongWarp](#wrongwarp) 4
> 
> [Escape](#escape) 4
> 
> [Ganon](#ganon) 5

**[Notes](#notes) 6**

# Splits

## ExitForest

CUP

3steps left, ULR out of house

Mash for text cutscene

Up 180Z,12DR,2RR,NR, reZ, and just up into getups 3xZ spam, 3UR/U till
wall,

2LR, up A into enter

Backup: RR corner, Rtap(not getup) into 2DR L90

UZwall,DR,LR,DR,RR,UR into U wall get in for rupees(15)

All the way through

Get up sounds into Z

3NR, 3RR into 5c

4LR wait till rock is close then LR, up 2ruupies, UR till wall,
2RR,DR,U, 6LR, UR, DR, NR, up till chest into A for sword

MENU: 2Z,L,A for sword

Savequit

CUP,2UR,LR into exit

U DR into backwalk till wall, getup reZ, 5RR into rupee 4LR up till
wall, UR release Z into vines

6U getup, Z,

R90,8LR,DR,5RR,Dbackwalk into lost woods

**LostWoods:**reholdZ, 2NR,9RR,7UR mashed, 4RR, Dwalkwall,
9RR,DR,RR,NRreZ,U into jump into neutral grab, Z ,get up, Ztap, navi
glitch B mash CUP mashinto hold down A for textbox into portal

Backup: wall behind monument into LR,,punch, DR, slowwalk down till grab

## Fishing

**ZorasRiver:**Hold up during water till get up, U into UR, Ltap9Z, 3RR,
U hold into ZR2 strat

Old:Z, 7LR mashed into water, fastswim L till 4 coins, then fastswim D
for 12, 9L till waterfall into 6D till waterfall, 7L after 2nd
waterfall,8L into 4D into fall ,downright fastswims till land into D
loadingzone //48g 15-20g in river

**HyruleField:**

7Up in water till land, 3 rolls mashed, LR,RR,NRreZ, DRrollreZ into
backwalk till wall,5DR,back till wall, backwalk till next wall, backflip
over it, 15RR, backwalk till wall, 6RR,NR reZ up into ladder(only if no
enemies, else upright taps into it), get up with Z, 5NR, 15RR, 2UR into
cutscene

**LakeHylia1:**

DR,NRreZ,DR,NRreZ, backwalk till 1st soft ground,LRrollreZ,backwalk till
softground into DR mash into water, 18Dfastswims,into D releaseZ getup,
reZ, 1UR U 16 steps/after fast corner,A into fishing //if no backflip
into water: reZ and then Dswims

**Fishing:**

RR, Atalk, wait a bit, Z 7steps U, talk,x for yes,mash B till sound

Z into D till wall3RRcorner, 4LR,6DR,8LR,lockon B for fishing

Land in water, hold A, slow D 6x, then tiny A taps

//if no bite:

10s wait, Second throw: B repeat

If bite: hold L A and hope no escape ; else reset/reenter fishing game/
TODO backup

2A into random camera position

CUP into search audio cue with navi fish lockon (close fish)

Z hold CUP again at navi goes away left of fish,

U into water, R till soft, UR wall, U till wall 6 steps A talk

talk to him for golden scale

A again, A,2D,2A, Z, D to wall, 2RR, Rtap, 2LR,A to exit

## ExitZora

**HylianLake2:**

Z,2LR,NR,LR neutral wait for water position

35 swims up into A dive to bottle

A, reZ, righttap 90 Z, 9U into dive U into zora loading

**Zora’sDomain:**

Neutral till dive up

Z, hold D till no sound, LRroll,DR,punch(5rupees), U hold into shop

**Shop:** just back out again

slash,jumpslash,RR,releaseZslash(5rupees),Z,4RR,3DR,slash into stick

RR,RRrollreZ, RR, non Z slash, get nuts, Z 2LR backwalk into shop

Repeat x2 for 15 nuts but with LR,DR,Jumpslash instead pickup cs
(2Ujumpslash into LR D shop is also good)

On last time just seathe, 180Z;RRrollNRreZ hold U releaseZ 25stepsUhold
till wall,3UR normalization

R90tap,Z,RR,reZ,NR,20DR+Dtap,180Z

MENU:

Nuts CD,L Stick CL, D Bottle CR

X, mash B till cutscene (25weeps)

2CUP after cutscene, 180Z, 2UR, 180Z, backwalk till wall, CR bottle,
2LRroll3NR (fall), RR,reZ,4NR,2RR instant CR for fish //might need to
mash a while, or do LR/RR alternates

reZ after caught/ RR position if alternates

Backwalk till wall/no sound, slash pot

LRs into exit

//backup: 3RR,6DR,12RR, backwalk into exit

## Shield

**NewRoute:**

**Zora’sRiver:** U hold into Z after 2nd jump, mash fastswims 4rupees U,
then 16 L, 3U into fall, 3UL, fall, mash till big rupee, then just U
till fall, L/DL into transition

**HyruleFieldToKak:** Z,R till land, RRrollNRreZ, 180Z, backwalk into
owl D option after one B

U Punch with sword

If owl left(no wall): 5RR backwalk into kak; wait till night before
backwalk

If owl right(wall): UR till stair, U till wall, reZ RRs into kak, wait
for night before RRs

**Kak:** 180Z,backwalk till wall/skullsound,RR,backwalk till wall,
8LR,backwalk till wall, 2LR, backwalk into graveyard

**Graveyard:** 4UR, U into getup, Uhold jump mash roll, 2LR,180Z,A pull
grave till sound,

LRrollNR,RRrollNR,UR hold into grave

**Grave:** just UR mash into chest, savequit

## Ghoma

CUP,ULR,LR into exit

180UZ,4DR,13LR,2DR, 3LR, backwalk into dialogue, A, reZ, backwalk into
shop

A,R,U, buy nuts, D, A mash for shield,B mash

MENU: 2Z,2L,A for deku shield

DR into exit

3LR,DR,3LR,2UR,LRspam till talk

U till tall Ztarget wall,8LR

Backwalk with shield till wall, LRs into cutscene (get one safety stick
with jumpslash x2 RRLR)

//hit is 0.5dmg

Mash AB for cutscene

reZ,2RR,180,backwalk into dekutree

**DekuTree:**

Z, RR, 5UR till navi, reZ,U for vines 15climb getup reZ

6RR,4DR,RR,DR,3RR,RreleaseZ for climb (carefully for
count),15U,4R,18U,4L,releaseA

3LR,DR,sword B,180shieldturn,targetenemy, wait for turn, jumpattack,
wait for disappearance, reZ U jumpslash shield into jumpslash 2 into
waterZ, R90Z, U6swims getup into reZ

LRrollNR, get switch DR,2RRreleaseZ Rjump into U Z target, U/UL taps
after each hit till dead

Restart from deku entrance

**Megasidehop:**  
2RR, 90R (shielded), 4LRshielded, wait attack, LR, shieldtap, NR, wait
for attack hit x2 count beat, 2.5beat NR, 3beat(mashed)A LR megasidehop;
hold D shield until wall (1heart dmg), 6LR,U till slow, neutral A for
box, push 12x times

NR,Ujump,land UR, Utill wall, reZ,DR,shield,NR,stick into quick putaway
mash, LR,DRroll,180Z uphold till second getup U till wall, DR, 3LR,
quick L90 reZ or wait till enemy doesnt attack, stick into shield
putaway,mash sword for recoil (1heart dmg), put sword away,

Z, 3DR, 180Z shield, wait for hit, 4RR wait for hit, 9LR,RR,DR get to
0.5 hearts, wait for shield hit into UR mash A for talk

Cutscene

Z,RR(avoid heart),U till slow door, A to enter ghoma

Jumpslash with stick into crouch stab with sword

U into cutscene, Cstick up into D ESS until cutsccene

U tap (practice timing) into nut, crouchstab x1 into instant nut mash,
crouchstab x1, lockon jumpslash into double kill //if missed crouchstab,
you can throw another nut and tap U again

Wait for cutscene, die, save and continue for deku tree

## WrongWarp

**DekuTreeR2:**

Z,3UR,U big fall, change to L into 3LR on landing, U,A get up

3LR,2DR into fall, hold U till land, 3LR, U (2UR) till slow wall, A to
reenter ghoma

Ghoma: 3UR with walk, 2RR, UR into heart container

reZ, UR,2RR,Uwalk till door/slow, 2slash,5DR,jumpslash shield

Drop fish CR, MENU: equipswap, D Z,R\!, bottle over stick //if too many
tries regrab fish once

2DR,DR into OcarinaItems CL+B, wait for audio cue B cancel OI, D hold
1-1.5 steps, CD nut, Z+R hold 6-7 steps nut, after 15steps 6RR, Uhold
into corner A enter the door

## Escape

MENU: Z,L,A (HylianShield)

Z, U into damage, D into damage till death

Save continue into big cutscene, B mash 5TB; Zelda Footsteps

**Start:**Z, 7LR, beatcount 2UR, U,
10UR,12UR,14UR,16UR,18URUL,22UR,1U,2UR,4UR,6UR,8UR,10UR

If bonk: DR shield into zelda

If no bonk: DRroll into zelda

Cutscene ULhold into transition

**Room1:**LR,U fall, 4UR, U till jump, 2LR shield wait for zelda, UR
into transition

**Stair1:**UL buffer in transition, jump, 2beats U, 1UL,1U,1UL,2U, just
U into transition (maybe UR if fails)

**Room2:**URwalked(but not much) Z during roll to avoid zelda,
2LR,3UR,2RR, cutscene,U into transition

//if target by accident, just U into UL at wall, UR into transition

**Stair2:**Buffer UL transition, after 3 steps intro + 3steps (5-6total)
ULR into U till jump, then UL mash roll, U into cutscene; U/UL into exit

**Stalfos:**

U into cutscene1

if hit before: now OI with bottles, 2RR U into zelda2

Else: UR buffer during zelda2  
L90Z,LR, stalfos kills

2hits on each with jumpslash into try to target switch

After2 hits OI health and hope its no jumpslash

Always jumpslash into shield wait a tiny bit repeat

After 2kills: OI to full health and try to find zelda with Z and go up
to her

After cutscene hold U and Z mash to get zelda’s angle

**Stair3:** ULbuffer in transition, 6steps into U till jump, UL in jump
mash roll, after URhold till zelda

UL into transition

**Room3:** mash4UR U hold till wall,LR, R till zelda, just dmg boost as
long as not crit health

LR,Dwalk180reZ, 4RR,Rhold a bit for zelda talk, RR, backwalk 7 beats,
3LR into backwalk Ltaps zelda cutscene //if hit try to find her with
target

UL into transition

**LastCorridor:** mash URs4-5, cutscene, 180Z into backwalk till wall
(15beats, LR shield wait (7beats), cutscene, UR into transition

## Ganon

BIG CUTSCENE mash B till sword

Z, 5UR into cutscene

Ganon Phase1: after navi TB : mash start to equip kokiri sword,
Z,L,L,U,A

Perform shieldcombo: nut into UR slash UR, 180Z, shield Ztarget, hit,
2CUP, shield hit, repeat

Going to Phase2: hold up on clearing zeldas TB, hope that zelda is in
front, you can hear navi, try to just UR and bonk at the end after
2navis, then seath sword and RR, LR DRrollNR backwalk into sword

Phase2: after sword cutscene, DR,8LR,Ztarget into jumpslash for big hit,
then repeat shield combo; though CUP targets are not necessary anymore

Phase3: mash cutscene text till sword glow, Target jumpslash

GG

# Notes

**NutFarm:**2UR, 2RRroll, mash attack for 2 hits, jumpslash into RR,LR
checks , after getting, U reZ and LR position either 1 or 2

//If no item, D into exit, reZ, D into entrance repeat

MENU: stick on CL, just CL, R(nut) on CD, close

Up to navi talk,

No nutfarm to vine = 10s

One nut farm to vine = 26s with good rng

Mido house + shop = 18s + 5s ; 25s total still better then farm

Get zora nuts x2 , if didnt get you can still farm

Now we have 5 nuts: nut farm opportunities x2 so max 15…

Zora x2 nuts +1 stick + 5 rupees = 30s; 10nuts, 15 with shop, 20 with
shop + shop rupee and crawl rupee

**OldHylianShieldRouteMarket**

13LR (2long), U walk till jump, U1-2swims, 180Z,Ahold dive U into
loading

**HylianLake3:** 180Z U, wait for getup neutral\!, reZ, 2NR,
12LR,reZ,3NR,17LR,backwalk till end of bridge, A for talk to owl

Just mash A to get to castle

Cutscene

Need to make cycle for 2 times on bridge

Bridge:2RR,180Z,backwalk 12beats, NR, R90,Uhold for 2 rupees into RR
loading

//45g?

LR, UL into A for house, if not A mash on wall till entry

**PotHouse:** 90RZ,RR,slash,jumpslash, DR,2LR,Jumpslash,wait for
getup,LR,jumpslash, 2 neutral slash,
2jumpslash,2DR,3neutral,jumpslash,4RR,RreleaseZ A getout

3DLR into market

2NR,Lhold till jump off box into U A mash for door

U A for shop: A,R,R,A buy nuts, L A mash (buy shield)

Rbuffer 10beats R, then U into transition

URR,UR mash into pothouse, repeat farm

UR into field

QUICK BEFORE NIGHT: Z,2UR, 2LR, backwalk onto chain, wait for night into
NR , 3RR savequit //85g

**Shield(old route, early deku tree)**

MENU: 2Z,L,A for sword

Z,180Z,2DR wait for stone, backwalk to wall, 6RRNR,Dwall,release Z A
enter crawlspace

Z,12crawls, hold up in getup (3fast), Z into DR,LR,DR,reZ on stone,
2LR,3DR,LR,punch //24g

L,releaseZ uplift getup,reZ, LR,5DR,10LR L getup reZ

RR,Dgrabgetup,11RR,DR,LR,2DRNR,LR,Uhold 2 jumps rupee,

Hold up till 4 grass steps, 2LR, talk with A, Z, 2LR into shop

//if you miss water rupee you can get behind shop

A,A,R,A mash for shield get 3B mash

MENU: Z,L,L,A (shield)

DR exit shop

**Ghoma:**

3LR,DR,3LR,2UR,LRspam till talk

U till tall Ztarget wall,9LR

Stick Farm: 5DRwshield,2RR,triple slash,jumpattack get stick reZ

OR jumpslash LR get stick reZ, 2RR shielded, jumpslash kill get stick,
2LR repeat until 2/3 sticks OR 2RRhielded kill stick, RR shield upwalk
till enemy kill stick U RR into cutscene

Mash AB for cutscene

reZ,RR,180,backwalk into dekutree

**DekuTree:**

Z, 2UR, 2RRroll, mash attack for 2 hits, jumpslash into RR,LR checks ,
after getting, U reZ and LR position either 1 or 2

//If no item, D into exit, reZ, D into entrance repeat

MENU: stick on Y, just Y, R(nut) on R1, close

Up to navi talk, reZ, up for climb, getup reZ,

5RR,4DR,RR,DR,2RR,RreleaseZ for climb (carefully for
count),15U,4R,18U,4L,releaseA

3LR,DR,sword B,180shieldturn,targetenemy, wait for turn, jumpattack,
wait for disappearance, reZ double jumpslash into water TODO get switch;
savequit  
Rturn90, Uwall till slow, UR, 5LRshielded, wait for attack to go back,
NR, wait for attack hit, NR into megasidehop hold D shield until wall,
6LR,U till slow, neutral A for box, push 12x times

NR,Ujump,land UR, stick u taps until burn, 180turn reZ, uphold till
second getup,

**OoBB1**  
(up after scream finish into B mash for recoil),(3swimsdown if no
recoil), release Z get on vines, 3R,up till end with Z

2LR,2URbonk, UZtargetwall, R Ztargetwall, LRcorner, non Z slash, shieldZ
4RR into vine, 1D,1L, pausebuffer U and A, hold both and mash until OoB
water, if fail you will getup onto platform

\!DONT PRESS Z\! Wait for link to be still then pausebuffer UL , cam
needs to lock (8s, 15ticks), on 4.5th swim pausebuffer U 2swims,
pausebuffer UL 1swim into Z, 1+2UL swim into 5L(on6th) swim into U fall
into pit, land in water, 3DL tap L hold swims with Z into L grab vine,
normalize 6Rfall into water, Z,180tap,Z,Utill 2nd getup land, 4-5setups
up into 3LR, shield no Z into A mash for putaway, Z fall down into L
hold for corner, release Z for vine, 6R normalize on corner

180turn reZ,U till land, RR, LRroll reZ, 2RR, shield, 2-4 NR for 1st
scrub hit (be careful with nuts hit), R90turn reZ target scrub, 2nd hit,
L reZ, 2LR, get hit till 0.5 hearts (1 after sound), shield into UR A
mash for talk

Cutscene

U till slow door, A to enter ghoma

Jumpslash with stick into crouch stab with sword

U into cutscene, Cstick up into D ESS until cutsccene

U tap (practice timing) into nut, crouchstab x1 into instant nut mash,
crouchstab x1, lockon jumpslash into double kill //if missed crouchstab,
you can throw another nut and tap U again

Wait for cutscene, die, save and continue for deku tree

Z,3UR,U big fall, change to L into 3LR on landing, U,A get up

3LR,2DR into fall, hold U till land, 3LR, U (2UR) till slow wall, A to
reenter ghoma

Ghoma: 3UR with walk, 2LR, UR into heart container

U reZ, 2DR,2LR,Dwalk till door/slow, 180Z, 2slash,

TODO WW SETUP

GS Clip coords: 88.5203 ; -65.81 ; -45.0356 ; 20461

//with GS clip oob we dont need sticks at all, so we could do late
ghoma; potential ghoma death warp setup

TODO check other setups runnerguy supersidehop and b1 skip angle etc.
//find setup for that maybe ; supersidehop should be the fastest after
b1skip

Button for fire + reset = 35s

1min for getting into water vine with 1st try sidehop

Reenter: 17s

//TODO do video comparison as secondary strat for all dungeons /child
dungeons with b1oob

**oldForestRoute**

Z,180Z,2DR wait for stone, backwalk to wall, 6RRNR,Dwall,release Z A
enter crawlspace

Z,12crawls, hold up in getup (3fast), Z into DR,LR,DR,reZ on stone,
2LR,3DR,LR,punch //24g

L,releaseZ uplift getup,reZ, 12LR, release Z L getup, jumpslash into
6LR, Uhold till wall, UR release Z into vines,

**TODO**

CLEAR Test ganon hit dmg for heartcontainers for equip swap safety

CLEAR Test how many hits each phase with nuts, slingshot and sword
jumpslash setup

CLEAR Deku nut (1 chu + rupees lost woods), not needed, ganondorf needs
max 20;10. Possibly for stalfos but also not needed with master sword

seed upgrade (slingshot in lost woods) //not needed, slingshot bad

4 heartpieces child; no just 4 hearts for escape , ganon without getting
hit

kakariko house heartpiece (adult), man on the roof (child), dodongos
cavern top (child), death mountain crater climbwall (child) , ocarina
minigame??? Pls no

Fairy after wrong warp or two bottles, stick gone for ghoma, no problem
actually

Hyrulian shield + 5 hearts work with fairy dupe safety

Phase 1: slingshot 10hits

Dekunuts 10 hits

Just blessRNG for mastersword else repeat

Phase 2: slingshot 18+hit //last hit needs to be sword

Mastersword

Dekunuts nut into sword x10

Stalfos: 5jumpsslash with nuts; 4 each and then finish them off;
mastersword each 2.5hits, so 2 slashes switch

Master sword cutscene fail

Instant deathabuse into mastersword stalfos with 1 potion and OI

**Route**

Sword  
65 rupees + shield + 5nuts;

Get 1x stick for fire;

Ghoma, savequit x2) //kokiri shop 15=5xnuts, 30x10xnuts

Forest Escape through lost woods

Hyrule field -\> lake

Lake hylia fishing scale 20 rupees 36 -\> 16

Lake bottle

Zoras domain fish + stick (shop 50 rupees red potion; 15 rupees 5xnuts)
//5rupee farm

//red potion market = 30 rupees ;

80 rupees, shield + 5 nuts //all depends on nightday cycle, either first
to city rupee farm 99 = shield + 5nuts or first fishing then owl to
market

**New TODO 01.09.2020**

Lake UR after soft

Fishing more consistent getting to shopkeeper

Mido + sign 15rupees; time test farming for 10 nuts/ maybe even 15 with
b1 or as backup

Can also farm again after ghoma1

**Rupee Tests:** aftersword reset to mido = 40s

Back through crawlspace +5 rupees = +10s

Shop rupee= 5s

River 17-18 ; forest 20 + 4 green; zora 20;

78 total ;

Needed: 20 fishing ; 40 shield ; 15 nuts; enough but 15x nuts total;
12-13 for ganon; enough for quickkill but no safety p2

**New TODO 02.09.2020**

DONE Zoras River1 consistency maybe L90Z turn

DONE Zoras Domain nut farm consistency strat

DONE Deku Tree1 web jumpslash consistency strat

DONE Backup failed ghoma take dmg for retry

DONE Backup run from house back to tree

Stalfos beginning script / try consistent nut strat

Escape practice, last room setup and entrances UL/UR

Practice megasidehop

Practice equipswap

**LinkHouse to Tree:** 4DR,14LR,neutral, NR, 3LR water, L till land, LR
till tree

**Ghomabackup dmg:** after b1stone, LR,2DR get hit,U till wall L90Z,
Uwall UR, DR,L90Z,U jump slash into 180, 3LR up wall A for ghoma
