This document will record all the strats used in the NieR:Automata
Ending \[A\] Easy Blindfolded Speedrun. By Bubzia.

TODO

Forest skip backups in castle, savepoint before, run out of oob or
something

27.11.2020

Engels2 6R after DJ into UL

26.11.2020

Questing L into corner beginning DJ

Questing DJ recam bus 16DL + check steps?

Desert after oob house :8L

Finding transporter and box for engels2

2020 TODO

Bunker1 elevator: 2 light L into U dash DONE but needs test

Questing1 NPC practice, restart: getup strat failed TODO jump strat

Amusement park: audio locations

Redo OoB and backup in case of inbounds DONE

Questing faster NPC quest taking / more reliable

Quest 2 back up with DJ before R

and new killing methods?

Questing anemone to desert

3D,7L but UL tap if stuck on car

Desert after trader, desert transporter backup

3L,DL,D hold,Dtap,DR tap mash for

Desert barricade: if stone after 2L -\> URs till 9s

Desert to amusement movement

Table of Contents

Abbreviations 2

Splits 3

Prologue (Engels1) 3

Questing (City Ruins) 5

Adam (Desert) 6

Simone (Amusement Park) 7

Engels2 (City Ruins) 9

Adam & Eve (Cave) 9

A2 (Forest) 11

Grun (Flooded City) 12

Adam (Copied City) 13

Soshi (Factory) 14

Eve (BossRush) 15

Options (Pre-Run) 16

Notes 17

Abbreviations

U = up full dash

R = right full dash

L = left full dash

D = down full dash

N = neutral full dash

UR = upright full dash

UL = upleft full dash

DR = downright full dash

DL = downleft full dash

RD = reverse dash = neutral dash backwards

QSLOAD = quicksave and load

WS1/WS2 = WeaponSet1/WeaponSet2

DJ = DoubleJump

PJ = PodLaunch

PF = PodFlight

RB = fire pod/fire shots, R1 button in general

LB = charged pod attack, L1 button in general

HA = heavy attack

LA = light attack

SS = shortsword

HS = heavysword

DG = dmg glitch

DDG = double damage glitch

SD = self destruction

# Splits

## Prologue (Engels1) TODO

Wait till permission to engage, dodge left right with shooting, when
lazer stay at side right

Stay rather right

Mobile mode,circle LA, stay side at lazer

Keep dodging at dont move after cutscene, go up and down with fire till
mobile

Mobile mode, circle LA, go up LA, go down LA, kill everything

skip

Silo1: MENU: chips, last, first, last, destroy last 2 support chips and
3 up for auto evade+auto fire, L1 weapon,

MENU: Equip barefists on WS1 heavy

taunt WS1 lockon kill Lockon kill everything, try throwing a DG at
phase3

Skip

Marx1: mash taunt, buff, left a bit rb, lockon with dodge down spam +
WS2 DG after perfect dodge (mostly 3 times)

skip

Mash, R3

NEW: 5U,2UL,wait cam(10steps), auto off, J R3, JbufferR into L J box
geup R3, Rlift heavy PL onto bridge,

L lift heavy J PL hold onto crane

Backup: 3RD after pit L

3D,DJD,3R, wait, DJ neutral, 2R,DJR,3R,DJUR till door, into U fight

Reposition door, 6U door 3UR bridge skip

3UR,Jbuffer neutral,4UL,DLJbuffer neutral,RD,heavy tap, lighttap,U,UR,

**Lava pit oob:**

Double lift plunge, 5U, RD, PL, PL, 6U,JU,ULPF,ULplunge, U, Rtap into
fight

TODO check triggers

**NormalRoute:** 5L with UL tap in beginning, 1UL,3DL, 9U 1UR, 4DR into
double life dash DR, 9U 4DL,3UL, 2UR into DJ plunge, U with L tap into
cutscene

Fight: taunt kill everything with DG till shooting wave, go up and down
there to find with lockon, after fight 4U, UR till metal, \~4, 11U,
3UL,UR, 5DR, 6R, UR with jump till cutscene

skip

Marx2: lockon taunt shoot, go upright into one DG, then all the way
downleft till he stops and kill him there

Skip

Engels1: rb,spotdodge after perfect dodge do WS2, wait for music into
skip

Engels2: repeat, alert: down dodges 2 times, earthshake sounds

Hacking in, wait, skip

3U, 3UR skip

3.5R, doublelift L, double heavy R plunge try

Or 17RR,neutral jump right into ladder, RRs till ladder, “9

Skip , UR, fight WS1 “I have to help 9s”, hold up into skipx2

Engels2: upright, downleft alternate RB+HA

“Shut up”, get punched into dodges RB, take arm, up HA dodge HA till
dead

Skip

## Questing (City Ruins)

Bunker 1

Skip, 7RR DJ till mash skip, 2xconfirm into loading

Skip

Settings: mash into right mash x,x, ,max volume x, mash, up x circle
mash

Mash 9S talk hold left into up,

VENDOR: sell all HUD chips (1down into 9 sells) ; buy medium recoveries,
left out of room 2RR jump into talk, 2UR into 4U, neutral after elevator
starts RJ mash circle

Mash talk, JbufferL into elevator again

Out of elevator 2 L,

6LR “the hanger is just ahead”, U, ULwalk till opening WS switch into
heavy mash till in

From Save: 5LR,UR,upleft into opening sound, lefttap LA up into elevator

3RR DJ into skipx2

Flight: auto, rb leftdodges for 3 kills, right dodges into circle
fight(dodge sound changes), fidget spinner LB, up sword kill them
somehow

**City Ruins 1**

Skip after soundcue TODO

MENU:skills, 1d chips, 2d c,dx equip,x,x,customize,x
equipped,2D,x,dx,x,dx,x, circle start

//deequip both auto chips on C and equip C

3UR,liftheavy,URDJPF into skip //ws switch?

UDJUplunge,7U,13UR,2R, UR lifts over barricade, 9UR,2R,3DRlightattack
into skip

**Resistance Camp 1**

**OLD:**2UR, UJ dash into ULtap mash for save 6L,UR,JSD buffer into
circle anemone, Rwalk into fall 7steps ground up into trader

R,URRbuffer, 10fastRD,Umash circle talk,1Lbuffer,5RD, up circle mash
talk, mash circle in menu, talk, up x confirm
quest,Ubuffer,JbufferD,dash mash for strange woman,2RD,Jbuffer left mash
circle, up jump mash circle ,up x confirm quest

QSLOAD

Backup: as in Resistance Camp 2

**2020:**UR buffer into dash corner, DJ U dash into mash with UL tap for
save

6L, UR J SD talk to anemone, 2JR pod sound cancel, U for trader

U into J D dash for weird

UJ till pod flights sound into JL mash for smith

**2021:** UR buffer into dash corner, DJ U dash into mash with UL tap
for save,

U into UL tap U into 3L,1UL mash for anemone, 2JR pod sound cancel, U
for trader

U into J D dash for weird

UJ till pod flights sound into JL mash for smith J U mash for quest
start

QSLOAD / try new fast route: 5D into J for wood sounds (car) U into item
box R3, DJ L 5L,2U, 17-18L into lift J getup R3 3L normal route from
here

**Quest 1**

R3,PJ, 5L,3U, (change WS)

**NewRoute:** 15L, 3UL 1U DJ getup R3, L, U up lift heavy jump up, PF UL
dash, land in bush corner up kill into enemies, (backup LJ fail: 3DR
into D get on house)

get back to corner with 6Ds,check for corner again

Items:

1.  > 5U mash till item

2.  > 3U+few steps,1UL mash till item //TODO backup corner, 9RD (mashed)
    > R, U

3.  > Fast: 2DR mash with Dtap in it, then R wall normalize into 15
    > +punch strat

> 3utaps after 1), heavy hold,JbufferUR, mash
> 
> Or 3R, 2DR,2UR,Ubuffer 4RD,JbufferL1dash mash till item

4.  > Lbuffer, switch weaponset 3LA charged(SS)into Jbuffer 2D mash
    > circle, UR buffer 19RD Jbuffer U; or Ubuffer 9RD (long), JbufferL
    > 3L

“Thats enough” when all collected

**Quest 2**

Get back to normalized corner(2D 6DR from nr4) liftJ up into get up

5R,5UR,7R, if first try: go to resistance camp, 7D,10UL,2L,3UL into save

Try up for second target

Else: activate save point repeat

7D,RDJ,11R,2UR,3U,ULhold till enemies into SD kills, J R3, R down into L
,mash circle for save QSLOAD repeat 18U,4UR for resistance camp

**Resistance Camp2**

//Hold circle(talk to 9s), 2down from top (long range),x

3PJ, circle to talk, mash, talk again, mash till reward, then mash and
open shop somehow (either option up x) or close dialog and talk again),
down(upgrade),x,x(contract),left x confirm (lvl2 SS), circle till quest
end

RD, JbufferR mash circle for talk, double mash till reward

JbufferU mash circle for anemone talk, mash, option up x to help,

## Adam (Desert)

Getting to Desert

3D,6L,3U,15L,(grass),3UL, U,DJR3,L,U lift combo DL corner,11U,44ULs (DJ
if no change) till music change,2R, 5U mash for vendor //TODO with sound

BUY:up(bottom), 4up(resiliance),top again, 2D,buy 10, D buy 10, 2up, buy
max

MENU: Weapons,WS1(1down),D,A(Bare fist),A(all
weapons),,D,A(VC),A(equip), sound

MENU:skills plugin, equip A,A,D,A(automatic),A balance, L A confirm

3L,3DL,D into DJ(metal), UL after fall into U mash for save

**save** into heavy L stuck UL hold SD, PL into OOB (confirm with jump
sand sound)

**New oob**: 3UL lift heavy jump UL, fall, 2L, 12UL, 8L,2UL,4L,
fall,4UR,2L (3rd start into U), trip on metal into stone DJ mash talk

Save reload backup:

UL,UR, R R3, UL SD PL 2UL

**Reload oob movement + clip:** clip into 3UL,lift 2UL
fall,3UL,6U6UL,DJ,13UL fall, 4R, 2RD, U into stone steps DJ stone, UL
tap into U hold mash till jackass (works for both possibilities)

mash circle for **jackass**,7U,L,U,J,(dialogue)13UL,4L,2UL DJUs till
cutscene

**Desert:** 3U ,9UR after 3-4 slides(5UR after first, 1 UR after second)
(“kill kill) into R target

4U into U DJ dashes skip

//TODO taunt chip flyer kills

**Desert housing:** J UR plunge into U slide into 14U (till house
podfire echo), 4R, 3UR 1R,URs (wierd sound), into U SD cancel into 4RD
SD R hold till stone into neutral , RstickLtap, R neutral triple SD lift
U plunge into R hope you clip else repeat till clip

5U corner(pod) into **TODO** hold pod flight into run down for
consistency? 4UR,5R,1UR,4R,1UR into DJ tripleflight punch combo land

1U,3UR into triple podlight into 2L,2U 4UR, 3U into D/DR till cutscene
into up for pit.

**Backup into normal desert: TODO**

UDJ plunge into U slide, 30-40URs with first 15 with VCthrow Utaps till
end of cutscene into Uhold till “nice”

9UR,6DR, 9D,3DR,7D

5U,DJ,10U,3UL,4U,URs into cutscene

**Pit:**

Us till skip

5R, fall,3L, down

Fight in pit like usual, (hit enemy setup) heavy, light pod, fight into
lazer etc.),

Normal buff + taunt till after 7 “this cannot” DJ SD

**Adam** like usual, deactivate auto, buff+ taunt into U DG phase 1

Rebuff phase 3, lazer

Escape: 4U, 6R, 2DR,R,DJD,5DL, SDbufferR, 2UR, 2U,DJ up 3U,,9URtill 9s
talk, should be in a corner UR, 4DJ right, 3RR, RD,2U2DJU,R,18DJUdash up
UR (9s “move to area” in middle, stone steps, pod fire wall), R,UR,
right circle mash for push, push till fall, 9UR, DJ up ,2U,DJs U till
transmission, wait the dialogue out, L UL into kill enemies while
waiting/ try to get chest, QSLOAD

## Simone (Amusement Park)

**2020**:

R3,4R,mash circle, 13R, 25UR (stone steps street),(if no street after
25)3U,11UR),2R,11UR after water,4R,3UR,5U(one after dialogue)

2RD,SDbufferpunch,JbufferR into ladder, circle fall SD,

5L,2U,11UR,L,DL into ladder

8-9x mash for exit

3U,8UL,UJ

**No dlc amusement park oob:**

//Amusement park lets play skip 3UR, 2U, better backup: UR fall, 2UL,J
garden ,5R,UL buffered,RD, 6Rtaps slowly into R for stairs

**NormalRoute:**Full: 2U,J13U,4UR, 5DR, 4U DJ U, 3R, 4.5U, R into
cutscene 3R into DR mash for save

1R DJ R into J on box, UR lift DJ SD getup , SDbuffer 5UR,DJ punch L, DJ
PL

Backup from save: R3, DL into DJ dash ,5DL, J box, D lift DJ SD getup,
SDbuffer 5D DJ punch L, DJ PL

R3, U into 2L J into garden, 5UR into corner, RD SD into buffered 5U
stairs

**LetsPlaySkip:**From discovery cutscene:

Full: 2U,J14U,J,4U,2UL,3R,DJU,L, oob clip , buffer2UR, DPF + 2 punches
into R dash PF neutral land, DPF U into UR dash neutral,
3U,3UR,3.5R,2.5UR,2U,UL,reU,4D(music change),3RD,1R (hold R for backup
if failed,4UR,3Udash into stairs

If music change: backup: U,reU3U,J,U,DJ PL into lets dance R3, U fall 2L
J into garden, R into 4UR into 3U staris

2U,4L.U,3R,3RD, J up onto coaster

//TODO trigger hit for ride, TODO practice like crazy

//TODO maybe create a backup somehow in case you go inbounds again

DR J

**BOSS(Simone):** 2UR buff taunt lockon DDG RB spam phase 1,

Phase2: Hacking: hold up and shoot first 4 tiles, go right/left around
and kill rest into kill core

Skip after 2B moan

buffLockon dash punch RB everything in the room when simone comes back
taunt, lockon DDG all the way,“Dmg in memory regions” skip

**After beauvoir:**

U circle mash, 6D DJ, 11D into hostile mash

After beavoire getting into corridor better 7D,L,DJL,2DLs

,L,UL,DL,DDJ,4D,RD,punch,Djbuffer R into ladder

L heavy till pascal

## Engels2 (City Ruins)

Getting to Pascals Village

**2020:**

Equip chipset C (for deathwarp), no auto no resiliance

3U,DJ dash right, 4R,DJ down2D,up mash circle into save (prepare save
for death warp)

2LR, UL mash circle to talk to pascal, talk 2 times(gets new quest)

**WeirdCam:** 9D (metal, no music),12DL,8D,2DR(9S talk),L mash box r3

**NormalCam:**9D,2DR,10D,10DR,3R, (9s talk),DL mash circle for box r3,
3-4 push

Sdbuffer8DL, 6L(on water surface),45-53DL(waterfall sounds),5UL,6DL,6D
DRcorner /no music

//dash test 54

4DL into 5D ,RD, JbufferR into anemone mash

Wait for camera pan, 3UR,DJ,3UR,4DR,SD, death warp //9S passive before
that

**PascalVillage2**

9S back to aggressive (3U or 3D)

MENU: equip chipset A and automatic chip equip (crits etc)

RD,DJR,ladder getup,UL mash circle for pascal

Sdbuffer2DR, R into DL into run till ladder, drop

2L,UL

**,Weird cam:** 9D (metal, no music),12DL,8D,2DR(9S talk),L mash box r3

**Normal:**9D,2DR,10D,10DR,4R,DL Dmash circle for box r3, 1push

D into L, 10L,11UL, lockon kill, R,2U,4L,downleft J(4-5seconds)mash
circle

U L dash into J getup, R3

6U,8UL,4U,UR,U UR,22U,lift barricadeDJ over,5R,8U,22UR(pod
echo),Ubuffer,4RD,R U UR,5U,2UR,SdbufferDL into **ladder**,

20climbs,releaseRD

circle neutral RD, neutral 4RD into explosion/camera change

Wait with lockon for fight to start till DDRs

Buff + taunt

DLRs all the time, Kill engel with lockon RBLB, and taunt DDG after
every punch(like 3 DG into longer section DDG into DLRs always) after
last hit(explosion):

4D , 1DLinto corner, \~3DR into fall, 2DL into SDbufferupright grab
ladder, 20X up, circle RD, 7RD, R3, RR +few steps, DJ,5RR, 2UL, U,
Sdbuffer2DR mash circle

**Boss(Engel2):**

Flight section: RB up and HA all the time, wait for boss then also buff
LB (level up = kill)

Skip

## Adam & Eve (Cave)

**2020:**

Auto chip off, 3UL DJ plunge, 5UL ,4U , 2UL, 7U plunge, 3U double PF UL
plunge SD land cancel into neutral

**Cave**: 7UL (pretty old, machine
sounds),3UR,4U,2DJL,DJ6UL,7DL,3U,5UL,L,UL till cutscene

**Boss(Adam\&Eve):** lockon DDG RB all the time till dead (lvl up once),
then dodgespam until skip

Getting out of Cave

mash,17U,4UR, 6L,J up mash circle for chest, 9U, 5UR,2U,UR(water,music
stops), left mash circle for talk, camera change, up circle mash for
SAVE (transport unlocked, down x at savepoint),

Transport to bunker(first one), x left x confirm

## A2 (Forest)

**2020**

SDbufferL till elevator start, SD in left corner, 2punchSD cancel into
9S talk L hold for dialogue cancel

3L into neutral, L, UL mash for transporter after dialogue UR mash
transport,

Transport to **pascals village**(1up from bottom)

RD,DJR into ladder, buffered UL mash into pascal

Mash x 1up from bottom at options, 2bufferedDR hold till ladder, circle
for drop, SD

2L,UL,

R mash check for VC3, afterwards back

Quick menu: use all items

MENU: 2r, items, count item count

UL,2RD, U mash for vendor

VENDOR: down,x(sell), item count -1 (machine core),x,left(max
quantity),x,left,x confirm

VENDOR: x(buy),4down(melee atk up L),x,4right(quantity 41), x, left x,
2down(ranged atk up L),x,4right(quantity 41), x, left x,, 2down(melee
defense up L),x,4right(quantity 41), x, left x, 2down(ranged defense up
L),x,4right(quantity 41), x, left x, all the way up, 1down(medium
recovery),x,left,x(max quantity),x left x (confirm)

//now we can buff before every fight and spam heal like a madman

D 2UR DJD, 2D U mash circle for save, transport to City Ruins: Near
Tower(3down)

**After transporter:**

R3,menu save, 3L(long),7UL into run, J PF DJ hover UL bridge, 13L(as
soon as 9S talks go DL) Utaps,2RD, dialog cancel D

fight

2U,DJdash ,U,8UR(looks like)RJ,5R,2DRJ,9DRheavy skip

Forest movement: (3 min)

**From cutscene:** URbuffer till engange, 5UR DJ plunge, 3R into 5URDJ
(dialogue), 12UR DJ,5UR,5U, 5UR(water),13DR(how are we supposed),DJ DR
into R void warp

1U DJ PF into plunge, 8U into 2UL, triple lift into Udash, UL
tripleflight into plunge

If void:

**from bridge(waterfall right(closer) + punch stone:** 8U 4UL, L UL, L
triple flight plunge into void

**From rock (waterfall right punch grass)**: 2DL into 2D, DJ, D J, D, DL
triplelift dash, D triple flight plunge

double lift, UR double PF pluge 2UUinto mario kart

(correct sound: left headphone water + stone steps

**mariokart:**2U,DJ,U triplePFwith last ULintoU,short UL,2U(roll),mario
kart

//if failed: U,doublePFwith second ULintoU

(correct sound right headphone waterfall + wood)

4D,8DR,2R,DL J into DR 3UR punch neutral

**forest castle oob:** 4D, lift heavy D, 3D,7L,4DL into window, L
RD,D,2DL into window,Lbuffer RD,liftcombo L, repeat 4x, into U lift
ending, 3D,DL camera,UR into save

RD lift window comco on 4th without RD

3L,2DJL,8L left dash till skip

BOSS(A2): buff, taunt LR, lockon DDG RB all the way

Skip

Post A2 Cutscene Skip

5RR into text, dont mash wait for all the steps of 2B,x,LA hold,,
triplelift dash (after first R)right plunge, x for text(2B doesnt move
anymore, plunge needs to be early), 6URR with holding slowmo circle mash
for SAVE, if enemies go right out of door and return with ULR(despawn)
mash circle for SAVE

Transport to Pascal Village (2up from bottom)

//TODO forest deathwarp skip:

DJ U UL plunge OOB

## Grun (Flooded City)

Pascal Village

RD,DJR into ladder, buffered UL mash into pascal

mash X for option, first option x, mash text,

1bufferedDR, 1R 2steps into DLhold till ladder, circle for drop, HA,
left mash circle for SAVE

Transport to Resistance Camp(1down)

**2021: FloodedCityOOB1**

5U corner,DR beat:1J 2SD into B for anemone

bufferedU J holdULland, start OOB:

Uhold beat1J with 3UR tap, like in mackerel learn timing,

SDbuffer 2UR(long), double PF doublepunch, 3R,DJ double URPF plunge UR,
5U fall enemies etc.D,DR,UR,Umash for save / or just run into the
cutscene UR into cutscene, find water with either UR or UL into position
reset

Cutscene U 2UR skip //find water again (sometimes weird diagonal cam)

(save from cutscene: 3DR,1U into save or corner)

7U, 3UL,4U,8UR DJUR, 7R,DRholdDJ,2R,DRJ,R into triple Podflight

Into DR for fight

Backups: TODO

1\. 5UR,jump right,

2\. 6R,UR, DJ right with a bit up, 2-3UR DJ right, 2UR, jump right
podflight, triple PF jump right

“Lets beat those guys already” if you made it, lockon kill everything
with buff taunt DDG, RB lift HA plunge(LB for fidgetspinner) “I think
thats the last...” wait for dialogue, skip

find water into skip SDbufferUL mash circle

Grun-Sequence

Phase1: dodge left right with RB to kill everything

Phase2: autochip LA mash

Phase3: dodge left right RB, 4th enemy wave with delayed LB

Phase4: autochip LA mash

“Klicks away from us”, skip

Phase5(miniboss): Buff, Up, LB, then RBHA and LB again when refreshed(a
bit after laser) till dead, dmg boost through lazer or go left right

Skipx2

Phase6: autochip LA everything

“But its the only way” skip x2

Phase7: autochip LA everything

EMP-Generator1(at lazersound,metalhitsound in phase7): buff, downright
all the way LA, all the way upright LA ,repeat, the LB on core into LA
into kill

Skip after “laserstrike”

Phase8: autochip LA everything

Mortar: check with jump if active, 4UR, jump up mash circle to enter

Mash fire, wait, slowmo+ mash at “direct approach”, else just mash fire
slowmo till dead

Skip x2

Phase9: autochip LA everything

EMP-Generator2(metal sounds): buff, a bit right with LA, a left with LA
repeat, LB at core into LA

EMP-Generator3(metal sounds): buff, a bit right with LA, a left with LA
repeat, LB at core into LA

Countdown into skip x2

## Adam (Copied City)

Getting to Copied City

Deactivate autochips, LR, triple PF jump

If success: no dialogue, if not 3LR repeat

4DL,2D,DJ,7D,DJ,D,5DR,J into warp

/3DR1U for teleporter, kill enemies

BlindCCC:

TODO write notes from YT video

13D,13DR,9D,2DLdash into corner, during dash timed UL till bug sounds, J
i(hold J)nto heavy, heavy clip, after water sound release heavy DL hold
until landing, 2UL,DL mash for elevator R into elevator

If not clipped: repeat with 2DL

2L,UL mash into elevator,

**NonClipRoute: (from drownwarp)**

12D,11DR,5D,12DR, 6D into DL DJ plunge, 7UL cave corner, 2UR into 12U,
2L UL mash for elevator

UR into elevator, fast run into cutscene UL

Skip

5U,3UR,DJ,3UR,DJ,3UR,UL,U till cutscene

Boss(Adam):

Phase1: 4DL, 2UL till phase 2 (“has no meaning to us”)

Skip

Phase2: Buff,taunt, autochip lockon DDG RB

Phase3: as phase2

Skip

2U into skip

## Soshi (Factory)

Getting into Factory

Mash text(anemone)

**DialogueSkip**: SDbufferUR mash for npc, talk into R 10 steps, till
email, D,SDbufferRD

SDbufferDL,2D into mash circle till save station

Check inbox,2circle,up x transport, 1 down city ruins center

**City Center:**

8U,5UR, double lift SD getup,SDbuffer3UL, UJ,U,J getup, 2U,double PF
first U second UR, UR dash,22R,11UR,8R,6UR,RDJ kills

Save, DR doublelift,U,3UL,UR,lift heavy combo into DR plunge into DL

DR lift J onto crate

From second crate corner DR J into pascal, text into 10UR,R

U mash for robot,8U,2R,5DR wait for elevator

Dialogue cancel into L text, L cutscene

Fight: (NO lockon) Buff taunt DGG RB everything till elevator comes,
6U(metalsounds) with up to 3DJ up dashes into ULR/URR mash circle,
lockon LB RB, slowmo till elevator, when elevator opens RR inside, hold
right a bit into corner, NEUTRAL(setup 9S cam),3U mash circle for vendor
(LR if missed)

VENDOR(machine): x(buy),1down(medium recovery), x, left(quantity max), x
left x confirm

Double lift UL with dash up, 2ULR out of door(camera change), neutral,
25 RR, then 7DJ right dashes over enemies into neutral, after door
closes: autochip ,

Controller:30RR DJ right (camera change), neutral, 3RR, DJ right,
12-15RR into DJ RR twice //TODO test R values

Upright till door opens, 2U UL till land, autochip off 1UL, left RD,
lift dash left, 2ULR out of door, autochip on //TODO room 1

10RR, DJ right, RR, DJ right, RR, DJ right, 5 URR, around 10DRR(dodge
doesnt count), try DJ right for ladder, X get up, wait for transmission,
auto off,U, 4UL, left RD, lift dash 2DLR out of door,

**Platformer:** 8RR, right 2RD, DJ left 2LR, left RD, DJ right, 2RR,
wait for enemy with dodges, kill him with DDG, RR,right RD, DJ left, DJ
dash right,lift J left (getup or instant), DJ neutral right dash, DJ
right dash

15R, DJ right,R into door (machines talk), autochip off 4UR, (DJ into DJ
U triple PF) 2U, up RD, DJ up dash, U//UR through door, neutral, 5R,U,
UL, DL,DR,UR, UL, DL, 3 DR, 12R(DONT LET GO OF RIGHT FOR CAMERA, uptap
if stuck in door), jump up RB lock on LB for kill, mash circle for SAVE,

Upleft (DJ if stuck behind save), mash circle for elevator, RR into
elevator,run setup in elevator down, then downleft wiggle left down into
boss

Autochip on

Phase1: just spam dodge in big circles(7quickdashes into each direction)
till electricity goes off

Phase2: taunt buff, DDG RB all the way

Skip

Getting out of Factory

5D downright mash circle for elevator, R into elevator autochip off

2L out of elevator, 3R(door open, check if laugh, if not then 3UR),
2DR,2R 2UR, 4UL(out of door, machine is raising arms up and down),
UR,neutral, UR,UL,DL,DR,UR,UL,DL,DR, 2R, neutral

2R, 3U, 4DL J DL, double life dash DL, 8U 1UR, 4DR into double life dash
DR, 8U 4DL,4UL, 2UR into DJ plunge, U with L tap into cutscene

**Factoryskip:(dont do in runs)**UL,buffer3RD, SDbufferUR, double lift
plunge oob, 4U, target till kill, RD, PF, wait PF,6U, JPF UL, plunge, U
with Rtap till skip

## Eve (FinalBoss)

Getting to Resistance Camp + Boss Rush

13U,4L,2D, 6DR,L,U UR DR mash for transporter

Newroute. Transport to city ruins: center(2down)

QS

R3, 8U,6UR, up doublelift SD tap getup

6UL,J,Ldoublelift SD tap getup

4ULR into DJ plunge, ULDJ;5ULR into DJ(over enemy), 7ULR

DL singlelift J (barricade), DJ left plunge, 5L into ULs into resistance
camp

Camp: U, UL,, 4U,R mash text, buff RB DDG to the right, continue till
everyone is dead(music stops),

Rmax 8L, 2DL,for anemone skip, 4DL,7UL,U taps 4L into you again

Boss(Bokushi):U into lockon buff taunt RB, DDG up into electro water for
dmg boost, heal a lot

//rebuff a few times if needed\! You have a lot of buffs for last bosses

Skip

Boss(Core1): 6L into R at beginning, buff,lockon taunt RB,DDG all the
way; dodge at lazer attack, DDG doesnt hit, with taunt down before
attacking

Earthquake, skip

NEW: R3,10UR,U triple PF with last UR, 2UR, 28U,save,5UR,8R lockon kills

Boss(Core2): wait for core to get out, lockon RBLB,DDG, rebuff alot,
test lockon a lot ( it does go away very often), use taunt buff

after kill : SD and try to kill yourself for savepoint warp, put 9s to
passive

If close enough: pascal flies down, camera changes towards him

**2021 strat: up to pascal,** camera turns into right headphone valley
wind + water, then 6UL 5 U into save reload

TEST: 7DR (might also be up) into QSLOAD, maybe more, maybe a bit left
or right its RNG how the endposition of core2 was for pascal camera
change, if you cant find it either try finding it, Load you preCorefight
and repeat

Equip chip B and menu 9s passive: settings, 2d,1d game, 1D last

Autochip lockon helps a lot for finding enemies, switch chipset before
selfkill

From QSLOAD: R3, 7R,6UR,5R, DJ, Rplunge x2 R DR into eve fight

Boss(Eve):

Autochip on\!\!\!

MENU IMPORTANT\!\!\!: 9s 2up aggressive, b, D for camera

System(all the way right),x,2down(settings),x,2down(camera), 4up from
bottom(locked enemy tracking),x, max to right,x confirm, 2up(free enemy
tracking),x,maxright,x confirm

Phase1: mash dodge for first attack, else get kicked in face a few
times, lockon buff, taunt RB DDG, if you skip platforms, GG, else run
around find lockon, LB, use skill salve and LB till he falls down,
rebuff after “hacking him” shockwave

Else just DDG till “large … detected” and continue DDG,RB, rebuff

“Enemy unit cut off from network functionality”, skip

Phase2: buff + skill salve, lockon RBLB all the way, taunt all the time
, heal a lot \~ every second hit, dodge up taps all the way, rebuff
skill salve every 15 seconds(3 shots), PL into heave dash plunges

Phase3: up taps up walk all the time, as phase 2 but no dodging, more
healing + buffing + taunting, skill salve no use anymore,always move
like just right or just left for machine gun dodge and heal every 2
hits, dont forget to rebuff or rip, hold RB all the time

Skip

7 steps up

“9S”

Time

EZ GG WP NO RE

Options (Pre-Run)

BEFORE THE RUN:

Language:

Text: Japanese

Game:

Difficulty Normal

Partner Combat: Passive

Camera:

Horizontal Rotation Speed = 0

Vertical Rotation Speed = 0

Distance (Standard) = MAX

Distance (Combat) = MAX

Zoom Speed = 0

Vertical Auto Adjust = 0

Horizontal Auto Adjust = 0

Free Enemy Tracking = 0

Pursuit Speed = MAX

Locked Enemy Tracking = 0

Sound:

Music = 7

Controls:

SD on left DPad

Toggle Light on right DPad

//TODO outdated

Equip auto chips

Notes

QSLOAD: start, x,x ,circle, left,x,down,x,x,left,x after sound confirm

Triple lift: jump HA jump HA SD cancel HA dash

Every QSLOAD takes around 35 seconds(english text) from menu opening to
first jump input

Dashes are not 100% normalized, try to always go for full dash into
first steps into dash again

RDs are normalized tho, only issue is the angle from the turnaround and
distance you move yourself

Quests accept dialogues mash only x without circle to not skip the
option

Fighting in general: always lockon RB,LB when available, and dash
attacks with WS1 or WS2 for homing SS or DG, after desert DDG always

CLEAR checking for walls with pod fire? Only walls in front of you with
camera

CLEAR After getting fang, do DG into LA all the time while fighting

\-\> we do DDG after getting fang

Transporting does NOT save automatically\!

PJs also auto target near enemies, watch out\!

Transport: current location is not displayed on transporter, so choosing
destination varies from save to save

Death abuse only destroys all EQUIPPED chips in the equipped chipset\!
-\> early resilience

Save before every single transport

DONT FORGET TO SAVE AFTER CORE 2 SD \!\!\!\!\!\!

Shoutouts to Mytherium for advice with Crusher slowmo

Shoutouts to remote\_mine for advice with Eve Camera Setup

Optimizations:

Quest 1 CLEAR

Quest 2 CLEAR

URs Pascal Village 1 after Cutscene CLEAR

Finding Save going to Factory2 CLEAR

Forest Castle Library Setup CLEAR

Ladder Setup Engels2 CLEAR

Desert Save to Amusement Park Movement CLEAR

Eve Camera Setup CLEAR

Eve Fight in general + 9S settings CLEAR

Forest Goliath dodge CLEAR

Finding save in questing CLEAR

Finding saves in general CLEAR

Started 03112018
