This document will record all the strats used in the NieR:Automata
Ending \[A\] Normal Blindfolded Speedrun. By Bubzia.

  - > Check the \[A\] Ending Easy Strats for newer optimizations\!

> [<span class="underline">https://docs.google.com/document/d/19vmVgFMNtbAZIRPrsVuQ8W9IxH\_OqY8QPXf5j6oVXlo/edit?usp=sharing</span>](https://docs.google.com/document/d/19vmVgFMNtbAZIRPrsVuQ8W9IxH_OqY8QPXf5j6oVXlo/edit?usp=sharing)

# Table of Contents

**[Abbreviations](#abbreviations) 2**

**[Splits](#splits) 3**

> [Prologue (Engels1)](#prologue-engels1) 3
> 
> [Questing (City Ruins)](#questing-city-ruins) 5
> 
> [Adam (Desert)](#adam-desert) 6
> 
> [Simone (Amusement Park)](#simone-amusement-park) 7
> 
> [Engels2 (City Ruins)](#engels2-city-ruins) 9
> 
> [Adam & Eve (Cave)](#adam-eve-cave) 9
> 
> [A2 (Forest)](#a2-forest) 11
> 
> [Grun (Flooded City)](#grun-flooded-city) 12
> 
> [Adam (Copied City)](#adam-copied-city) 13
> 
> [Soshi (Factory)](#soshi-factory) 14
> 
> [Eve (BossRush)](#eve-finalboss) 15

**[Options (Pre-Run)](#options-pre-run) 16**

**[Notes](#notes) 17**

# Abbreviations

UR = up full dash

RR = right full dash

LR = left full dash

DR = down full dash

NR = neutral full dash

URR = upright full dash

ULR = upleft full dash

DRR = downright full dash

DLR = downleft full dash

RD = reverse dash = neutral dash backwards

QSLOAD = quicksave and load

WS1/WS2 = WeaponSet1/WeaponSet2

DJ = DoubleJump

PJ = PodLaunch

RB = fire pod/fire shots, R1 button in general

LB = charged pod attack, L1 button in general

HA = heavy attack

LA = light attack

SS = shortsword

HS = heavysword

DG = dmg glitch

DDG = double damage glitch

SD = self destruction

# Splits

## Prologue (Engels1)

Wait till permission to engage, dodge left right with shooting, when
lazer stay at side right

Mobile mode,circle LA, stay side at lazer

Keep dodging at dont move after cutscene, go up and down with fire till
mobile

Mobile mode, circle LA, go up LA, go down LA, kill everything

skip

WS2 DG lockon kill first wave, WS1 lockon kill Lockon kill everything

Skip

Marx1: left a bit rb, lockon with dodge down spam + WS2 DG after perfect
dodge (mostly 3 times)

skip

Mash, R3, 5-6UR till message, step down

#### Crane Skip

Left into metal, jump get up, R3, slowwalk right, DJ PJ neutral (metal
sound landing, dont holt RB DONT FIRE), leftwalk slow turnaround

Slowwalk right a bit then slow turnaround left, WS2(SS) lift, HA,LA,jump
left PJ hold left, (may hold and get up; fail= hard landing), down into
get up,, 2singlejumps down into transmission, 3RR,neutral, DJ up, RR DJ
right PJ

//if any of the first part fails, fall down under bridge, 2RD,left get
up R3 for reset

Neutral, 2RR, RR DJ right over gap, right till open sound, into 3UR

Fight:WS1 kill everything, hold down after fight, exit and find door
(downleft, left, downright,right are possibilities),exit door(no
footsteps with down after closing door with going right), enter door
again, 5UR after door till closed second door, and transmission,

,RR,3URR, MENU: 3right(weapons),x,down(WS1),x,down(treaty),x,x(all
weapons),x(bare fists),x(equip),start

#### Bridge Skip

WS1(barefists HA), delayed lift, HA,LA, jump,HA(before peak),LA,right
plunge, (instant landing sound is good), DJ right PJ right, dash right,
podflight right(hold x all the time after PJ), (if success -\> the
factory sounds start), RRs into door opening, neutral, 5LRs, ULR, (check
if walls are left and up with pod)

//if we fall down second jump bridge skip, 3UR into DJ up on crane again

2DR(transmission), LR, 8UR,RR,DR, 3URL, DJ DR, 3DRR, 7UR, LR,
2DR,3LR,ULR, 4URR; 5UR into fight, kill everything with DG till shooting
wave, go up and down there to find with lockon, after fight 4UR, URR
till metal, \~4, 11UR, 3ULR,URR,, 5DRR, 6RR, URR with jump till cutscene

skip

Marx2: normal, WS2

Skip

Engels1: rblb,spotdodge after perfect dodge do WS2, wait for music into
skip

Engels2: repeat, alert: down dodges 2 times, earthshake sounds

Hacking in, wait, skip

3UR, 2RR skip

12RR,neutral right into ladder, RRs till ladder, “9s”, UR, fight WS1 “I
have to help 9s”, hold up into skipx2

Engels2: upright, downleft alternate RB+HA

“Shut up”, get punched into dodges RB, take arm, up LA dodge LA till
dead

Skip

## Questing (City Ruins)

### Bunker 1

Skip, 4RR till mash skip, 2xconfirm into loading

Skip

Settings: mash into right mash x,x, ,max volume x, mash, up x circle
mash

Mash 9S talk hold left into up, shop buy medium recoveries, left out of
room 2RR into talk, RR into Uprightup walk into door

RR jump right mash talk, QSLOAD ( from the very right RD jump RD 2RD for
commander)

4LR,upleft into opening sound, lefttap lightpunch up into elevator

3RR into skip

Flight: rb leftright dodges into circle fight(dodge sound changes),
fidget spinner LB, up sword kill them somehow

### City Ruins 1

R3, 2UR,2RR,2DJ right, RRs into skip

2UR,2LR,DJ neutral getup, R3,,change to WS2, DJ down Plunge down, 10 DR,
3RR, 3DR, RR jump right, DR jump down till grass sound, (Barrier skip)
down lift PJ till hard sounds, DJ down, (few steps right), 10 DR, 7LR
into skip,

### Resistance Camp 1

2PJ 2-3(SS, 1LA with fists) LA right circle mash for save, (if missed
left up right a bit), 9RD right, 2RD down, left circle talk,3RDleft , up
circle mash talk, mash circle in menu, talk, up x confirm quest(can buy
more medium recoveries if needed),5RDup down/right talk to wierd, HA up,
left mash circle, up jump mash circle ,up x confirm quest

QSLOAD

Backup: as in Resistance Camp 2

### Quest 1

Neutral PJ, 5LR,3UR, 10 LR, 12UR( 3-4 after entering water), 9LR,
12DR(sound 9s talk), 5RR. DJ right with downtap grab ledge R3, jump down
again ULR into corner

6DRs into enemy kills, get back to corner with 6URs, check for corner
again

Items:

1.  > 3DR mash circle

2.  > \!walk down till bush sound, stop immediately, go right mash
    > circle

3.  > 3LR, 2ULR,2DLR, down 4RD, jump hold right mash circle

4.  > Righttap, 3HA charged(SS)into jump up mash circle

> Backup for 4: 5UR,3URR, right5RD, 2LA(SS), jump down mash circle

“Thats enough” when all collected

### Quest 2

Get back to normalized corner DJ up into get up

9S into passive(1up)

DJ up,4RR,7UR, 18RR, 8UR, fight guys activate savepoint,
(LR,UR,RR,downright,rightRD, 2LA SS, down mash circle) save, LR, try
lockon RB DJ one from max distance if not go left a bit more, lure 1
towards you (taunt them) until he does his attack, hold RB into evade
small ones die after this, LA charged SS mash circle, if no item circle
the area a bit into lure next one repeat, for the big one use 2evade
taunt after you hear his footsteps and try to perfect evade his attacks

if not enough, QSLOAD into repeat: R3, 5UR kill everything mash circle
for items till 9s talks

### Resistance Camp 2

(QSLOAD; might try instant going for resistance save) 17UR QSLOAD into
resistance camp

Hold cirlce(talk to 9s), all the way down, 3 up (agressive),x

3PJ, left mash circle to talk, mash, talk again, mash till reward, then
mash and open shop somehow (either option up x) or close dialog and talk
again), down(upgrade),x,x(contract),left x confirm (lvl2 SS), circle
till quest end

3steps down, right mash circle for talk, mash till reward

VENDOR: 2down(medium recovery)-quantitymax, 6down for keeping 1200G

(lefttap) up mash circle for anemone talk, mash, option up x to help,

## Adam (Desert)

### Getting to Desert 

3DR,5/6LR into call (or QSLOAD if lost), 3UR, 15LR, 10DR, 5DLR into
QSLOAD

15LR, 3-4DR, 25LR (music change), 3DR, 5LR mash circle for early vendor

3DR,2DRR, down RD, right mash circle for save

QSLOAD

DESERT SAVE: R3, 2UR mash circle for vendor

VENDOR: down(sell),x,all the way down, x left x for sell, 14times
IMPORTANT: NOT 15 or run is dead \!\!\! ENDING \[T\]

VENDOR: 4up from bottom(resiliance),x,right(quantity2),x,left x
confirm,all the way up,1down(medium recovery),x,left x (quantity max),
left x confirm, circle to close

Equip both resiliance with: 4right(skills),x,down(chips),x,x(type A),

down(automatic),x,,x(balanced),left x confirm

4LR, 5UR, 16LR(better a bit shorter than too long) , 20DR,(you might do
a few DLR inbetween if you miss the pipe that leads down) //no item
sound if unlucky

10LR, 7RD, PJ, DJ, PJ talk, chamera change

6UR, 4LR until stone sound(if not jump left once), UR,RR,UR,7LR, 6-7UR
into fight, 7LR, DJ up dash into skip

### Desert

Desert Movement: 25UR, 25RR

kill lonely dude, (4URs)URs and DJs up till cutscene, skip

Desert City: DJ up plunge up (land on metal), 30UR into
“cutscene””runrun”, “lets get em” hold up neutral alternate till
enemy spawn “nice weather today” (panty cam), 5ULR, 2UR,

lift LA jump PJ upright, should land on metal(if not then go 5LR into
2UR again and repeat, also try different endings like lift LA jump right
dash plunge right/up and stuff), down, right(probably panty swings) mash
circle for fang of the twins

MENU: 3right(weapons),x,2down(last one, WS2),x,x(bare fists),x(all
weapons),2down(last one, fang),x,x(equip), circle,

up(WS1),x,x(contract),x(all weapons),all down(fang, last
one),x,x(equip), down(bare fists),x,x(all weapons),
1down(contract),x,x(equip);start

Right, DJ right plunge right,1-2UR, 5-6RR go neutral after every RR
//watch out for too many RRs because camera messes up and DRs actually
go left, uptap before starting DRs

14DR(a few DRRs for getting stuck on buildings), 4RR into “runrun”

23URs into “there it goes”,

6-7UR into skip

4RR into fall, 4LR into fall plunge or smt, skip

MachineFight: R3, camera down, lazer, random attacks and camera spin RBs
all the time till next phase, then kill as much as possible for exp with
DDG, and lazers lockon, dodge and heal as needed, at 6th to 7th “this
cannot continue” dodge far away and SD, skip with holding circle

BOSS(Adam): full heal,taunt before phase 4, up a bit, lockon DDG all the
way, 4th (last) phase lots of lazers and lockon shots, also dodge and
heal more bc he attacks a lot(dodge during long shooting attacks, he
teleports 2 times before ground, dodge forward rather than neutral, if
you lose lockon, search around with dodges)

Skip

Escape: 5UR, 10RR, 2DJ down,DR, 1right RD, 3DR, 4RR, 2UR, DJ up UR, 4UR,
2RR,UR,RR alternate till 9s talk, should be in a corner UR, 3DJ right,
3RR, 2UR,2DJ upUR, RR, 6UR, 13 DJ up UR (9s “move to area” in middle,
stone steps, pod fire wall), RR,UR, right circle mash for push, push
till fall, 5RR, 3UR,2RR 3-4DJ up UR till transmission, wait the dialogue
out, QSLOAD

## Simone (Amusement Park)

### Getting into Amusement Park

TODO

R3, 4RR, mash circle for talk, confirm with x, 10RR,2UR,5RR
,20UR,2RR,5UR till water, then instantly 10RR,6RD backup with
10RR(slightly upright), 6UR, “looks like our route..:”, 3RD, LA, jump
hold right into ladder (if 3 doesnt work, 1 step down left again) circle
into fall down, R3, 4LR, left RD, 5UR, 8URR(debris),LR, downleft into
ladder,8 x jumps to get up, 5UR, 5LR, 3UR DJupdash into skip

### Amusement Park

3UR,DJ up, 11UR, DJ up, 2UR, 2RR; downright (if music does not stop,
stuck in door, rightRD,upRD downright) walk till music stops vocal,
(should be in corner), 5UR (“where does this corridor lead?”), 3RR,4UR,
2RR into “cutscene” talk, 3RR, upRD, right mash circle for save

#### Carousel Skip

Right, DJ rightdash, First try: 3RR,UR, hold up,neural lift skip with
right dash, (test if you are up by pressing up, she doesnt move or you
went through then continue)

QSLOAD BACKUP: left4RD,5UR, neutral lift skip with up dash, (test if you
are up by pressing up, she doesnt move or you went through)

4LR(music starts)

DJ left, hold left a bit, neutral DJ PJ into “cutscene”, R3, 2UR,4LR (LR
until 9s talks),2steps up, LR, RD,wait, 4RR into stairs, UR, 3LR, UR,
3RR, LR, DJ up onto rollercoaster,

Lockon kill everything with DDG and RB + LB till end

RRs into skip

BOSS(Simone): lockon DDG RB LB spam phase 1,

Phase2: Hacking: hold up and shoot first 4 tiles, go right/left around
and kill rest into kill core

Skip after 2B moan

Lockon DDG RBLB everything in the room, if hacked, try shooting around
for EZhacks, else just wait and get hit,

No lockonsound in phase 2.2, run around and lockon attack in circles,
till everything is dead, at big impact try DJ dash, when simone comes
back taunt, lockon DDG all the way, watch out for multilpe circle
attack, its really strong and can kill if not full health, //if dead
just continue in fight

“Dmg in memory regions” skip

## Engels2 (City Ruins) 

### Getting to Pascals Village

Up mash circle till talk, 5DR DJ down talk, walk down, 6DR into talk,
mash,

5DR,LR, DJ left(“this way”), LR,DR, 3LR, DJ left, DR, DJ down, 3DR, RD,
4steps right into left for ladder, 3X to get up, 12LR into skip, 24LR
into skip(LR all the way after ladder),

3UR,DJ dash right, 4RR, 1leftstep, 1 downstep, right mash circle into
save (prepare save for death warp)

2LR, down mash circle to talk to pascal, talk 2 times(gets new quest)

### Getting to Resistance Camp (Death Warp)

10DRdown, 10LR(if no camera 3DR, 30DRR,3URR, DR, LR, downleft circle for
box), 7DR, 2DRRs till “we can get into the city ruins”, left a bit up
mash circle for box, then push all the way(4times),keep holding circle
and R3, 9s to passive,

4LR, 10DR, 15LR, 15DR with 1LR down(like 7DR 1LR 8DR; at last DR should
be bush sound),10LR, 15DR(waterfall),15LR,\~8DR into subquest, 3DR, DRR,
down 2RD

4LR(debris sound),DLR, left 3RD, 3DR,3RR (down circle check for weapon
vendor),

If not, HA down, right circle mash for vendor,(if still no vendor, then
go back with 2LR(centerish) and try to improvise; should not happen)

If yes: down, PJ, step down , right circle mash for anemone,(if single
line guy, RD into down circle mash for anemone) mash text, \! CAMERA
CHANGE TO ROOM

3UR, 5RR, 8DRR, SD, equip chips set B

RRs/hold right till lockon works, shoot one guy, let him kill you, down
x for continue,x for tutorial,

//DONT FORGET TO PUT 9S ON PASSIVE BEFORE

### Getting to Engel 2

Make 9S aggressive again,equip chips set A

RD,hold right till ladder,2X get up, LR, UR, URR, left circle mash for
talk(wait for transmission end\!), mash till explosion,

DR, 1-2RR(second one like instant cancelled), down leftright walk to
search for ladder, circle to drop,HA,left into downleft for save,step
down, 3LR, 3DR, 30DRR,3URR, DR, LR, downleft circle for box, L3, step
down, 15LR, 5-6UR, lockon kill everything and activate savepoint(RR,UR,
LRs, down mash circle), save

QSLOAD

R3, 3PJ, 15RR, 2UR,15RR,DR,4RR ,URR,DJ right get up R3

DJ up, 4RR(“flight units”), 16-20UR, 10RR,UR,5RR,2UR, right 13RD, 4UR

(if it doesnt work, and we are stuck at the item corner, do 9 upRD,
6rightRD into 4 UR)

right into ladder,20X climbs, circle neutral RD, neutral 4RD into
explosion/camera change

Wait with lockon for fight to start till DDRs

DRRs all the time, Kill engel with lockon RBLB, and taunt DDG after
every punch(like 3 DG into longer section DDG into DDRs always) after
last hit(explosion):

5DLR into corner, \~3DRR into fall, 2DLR into upright grab ladder, 20X
up, circle RD, 7RD, R3, RR +few steps, neutral, DJ PJ, 5RR, DR mash
circle go down

Backup: all the way down, go DLRs,1leftRD, UR mash circle

Boss(Engel2) :

Flight section: hold up RB up and LA all the time, wait for boss then
also LB (level up = kill)

Skip

## Adam & Eve (Cave) 

### Getting to Cave

3UR, 15LR into save(wait for dialogue)

QSLOAD

R3, 4PJ, 11RR, DJ right plunge, 2RR, DJ right plunge, wait for “thats a
wierd looking enemy” + 5 sec, 6LR DJ left dashes/plunges into pit, 4LRs
into cave(light tutorial), 5UR, 7LR with DJs/ULR, 5DR (with 2DRR,
water), 2LR, 7ULR, 5LR,3UR into 5LR skip

//””look at those dead machines” when near the right hallway”

//”this path looks old” when right on DRs

Boss(Adam\&Eve): lockon DDG RB all the time till dead (lvl up once),
then dodgespam until skip

### Getting out of Cave

15UR,3RR,3UR, 5LR, 10UR, 3RR, 7UR(water,music stops), left mash circle
for talk, camera change, up circle mash for SAVE (transport unlocked,
down x at savepoint),

Transport to bunker(first one), x left x confirm

## A2 (Forest)

### Bunker 

Mash text, (QSLOAD)

Transport to pascals village(1up from bottom)

### Pascals Village

RD,right into ladder,2X get up, LR,UR,ULR, left mash circle for talk,
mash X for dialogue, at options 1 up from bottom, mash text, leftstep
,DR,RR, down find ladder(or QSLOAD), circle to drop, right 4RD, up mash
circle for vendor,

MENU:2right(items),down(restorative items), check how many there are, if
2 then discard first one completely(left quanitity), circle,
down(enhancement item), discard everything, down(support items), discard
everything, down(materials), 1up from bottom(one above machine core),
discard completely, go down all the way again and repeat till only one
item left

VENDOR: down,x(sell), 1down(machine core),x,left(max quantity),x,left,x
confirm

x(buy),4down(melee atk up L),x,4right(quantity 41), x, left x,
2down(ranged atk up L),x,4right(quantity 41), x, left x,, 2down(melee
defense up L),x,4right(quantity 41), x, left x, 2down(ranged defense up
L),x,4right(quantity 41), x, left x, all the way up, 1down(medium
recovery),x,left,x(max quantity),x left x (confirm)

//now we can buff before every fight and spam heal like a madman

RR mash circle for save, transport to City Ruins: Near Tower(3down)

### Forest

R3, RD, left save, 4LR, 4ULR, upleft a bit, DJ up PJ up, 15LR (over
bridge), 6DR, 5LR into camera change mash,, get back to center and wait
through dialogue(with DR and DLR and stuff), kill everything with lockon
DDG RBLB (might try 3RD talk 9S walk down for dialogue skip)

Skip x2

4UR,RD , neutral DJ PJ, 4UR, 18RR

Skip

Wait till “here they come”, 6RR, 16UR with righttap (“we will protect
them”), 19RR, DJ right plunge

4LR, DJ left dash, 6-10LR(might need some uptaps, after item 3 LR), 3UR
plunge up,

LR, lift HA LR, left RD, lift HALA jump HALA plunge left(land
immediately), DJ dash left, LR until water, 4UR into DJ up plunge(hit
bridge preferably)

If bridge hit: jump down again with up/down plunge

If not: 1-2UR DJ up plunge into bridge, if again just repeat

13UR(9s talks at 10), DJ up, 6RR,4UR, 4LR,2UR, 5LR, UR(short), 10LRs
into DJ dash left( cutscene starts sometime, need to find the right
position fast with some upleft downleft taps),

URR, wait for enemies to come close, triple podflight jump right,
goliath SD (sound explosion), fall down

4RD, 4RR, 5URR, 11UR till enemy sounds, DJ up, lockon kill, downright to
SAVE

### Forest Fortress

2LR,UR(wait for fall), 3LR, 3UR into DJ up dash,URs continued(go neutral
into RRs; enemy steps approaching) // on reset with save L3 and do same
movement but with 90° change: LR =UR etc.

After DJ - 4RR, DJ right dash , 4RR, DJ right dash, try immediately DJ
right dash again to get up(“watch out for hostile enemies 2B”), 7RR
total(there should be an item sound) into DJ right dash “cutscene”

//backup if falling down, all the way right with RR, 2RD, jump left, DJ
left, DJ right dash

8RR, DJ right dash, 5RR hold RB, RR till changed steps(and RB stops for
a second), neutral(changed steps), LR,DR,lift HALA, jump HALA dash up,
2RR,DR find ladder with downleft,right,left alternates, 2Xget up, LR,
DR. left into right for ladder, 2Xgetup, 2LR, neutral, 2LR, UR, lefttap,
lift HALA, jump left, HALA dash downleft, hold upleft for next
door(wooden sound at 1 step), 8LR(enemy sound), DJ dash left, left
lockon kill dude,up into SAVE(search for savepoint with like upleft
circle mash from entrance)

11DJ left dash till skip

BOSS(A2): buff, LR, lockon DDG RB all the way

Skip

#### Post A2 Cutscene Skip 

4RR into text, dont mash wait for all the steps of 2B,x,HA(LA),
righttap(step), lift HALA, jump HALA plunge, x for text(2B doesnt move
anymore, plunge needs to be early), 6URR with holding LB circle mash for
SAVE, if enemies go right out of door and return with ULR(despawn) mash
circle for SAVE

Transport to Pascal Village (2up from bottom)

## Grun (Flooded City)

### Pascal Village 

RD,right for ladder, 2X get up, LR,UR,URR,left mash circle for talk,
mash X for option, first option x, mash text, lefttap,DR,2RR,down(find
ladder), circle to drop, HA, left mash circle for SAVE

Transport to Resistance Camp(1down)

### Resistance Camp + Getting to Flooded City 

R3, 4PJ,right a bit, up RD, right HA mash for after dialogue (backup,
wait for phone call, left mash text for transmission skip, downstep
right mash circlemash for anemone(maybe jump right once), mash text,)
3DR, 5LR(straight, music change),3UR, 10LR,10UR(2 more after reaching
water),5LR, 2DLR, LR, 2DR,left, jump left PJ left SD falldmg, uptap,
6RR,3UR,15RR, 15DRR( try RR at the end for cutscene camera) into
cutscene

RR,2DRR, lockon kill everything, uprightish mash circle for SAVE

### Flooded City

LR, find the water and plunge into it (left side)

5UR, 4ULR,6UR into DJ upleft dash into water for normalization,

4UR,jump right, 6RR,URR, DJ right with a bit up, DJ right, 2URR, jump
right HA podflight, dash HA pod flight jump plunge or DJ right PJ HA
podflight plunge or triple Podflight jump right

“Lets beat those guys already” if you made it, lockon kill everything
with buff DDG, RB(LB for fidgetspinner) “I think thats the last...” wait
for dialogue, skip

URs mash circle till mechs ( if not just find water into upleft mash
circle)

### Grun-Sequence

Phase1: dodge left right with RB to kill everything

Phase2: circle RBLA everything

Phase3: dodge left right RB, 4th enemy wave with delayed LB

Phase4: circle RBLA everything

“Klicks away from us”, skip

Phase5(miniboss): Buff, Up, LB, then RBLA and LB again when refreshed(a
bit after laser) till dead, at big laser might go left/right a bit to
dodge, fully heal before laser hit and/or buff, it can else onehit you,
rebuff before second laser

Skip

Phase6: circle RBLA everything

“But its the only way” skip,

Phase7: circle RBLA everything

EMP-Generator1(at lazersound,metalhitsound in phase7): buff, down all
the way after laser, RBLA right, heal a lot for before lasers hit, might
LB at beginning and end, after 4 kills go up a bit into right attacks,
heal a lot and dodge bullet spam from top generator after killing bottom

Skip after “laserstrike”

Phase8: circle RBLA everything into long dialogues

Mortar: check with jump if active, 4UR, jump up mash circle to enter

Mash fire, wait, mash at “2B right, 9S thats … (right)”, else just mash
fire till dead

Skip x2

Phase8: circle RBLA everything, after “on it” wait LB for big enemy wave

EMP-Generator2(metal sounds): buff, a bit right with RBLA, also LB as
much as possible, heal and buff as necessary dont get hit too much by
lasers, stay close to middle core

continue: circle RBLA everything

EMP-Generator2(metal sounds): buff, a bit left with RBLA, also LB as
much as possible, heal and buff as necessary dont get hit too much by
lasers, stay close to middle core

Countdown into skip x2

## Adam (Copied City)

### Getting to Copied City

2DR, left into triple podflight jump, plunge into water

If success: “POD”, if not 3LR repeat

4LR, 12DR(should be close to waterfall + grasssounds), 4RR, 2DR DJ down
into water ( if you fall into water at 12DR, do 5DR DJ down, 2DR, 4RR)

2RR,2DRR into lockon kills , URR, left mash circle for SAVE

Transport City Ruins - Near the Tower(4down)

R3, 4PJ, 11RR, DJ right plunge, 2RR, DJ right plunge, 5UR DJ up dash,
continue URs till music goes away(cave), 4UR, 4RR, 2UR(“why are there
dead androids”), 5RR, right RD, 2UR, upleft mash circle for elevator, RR
into elevator, LR outside into skip

### Copied City

5UR, 4RR, 3UR, RR, 3UR, 5URR DJs, into UR DJs till skip

Boss(Adam):

Phase1: 2DR,3LR with DJ left, ULR till phase 2 (“has no meaning to us”)

Skip

Phase2: Buff, lockon DDG RB

Phase3: as phase2

Skip

2UR into skip

## Soshi (Factory)

### Getting into Factory

Mash text(anemone)

R3, 4RD,downstep right mash circle for buy //after dialogue

VENDOR(popola): x(buy),2down(skill salve),x,right(quantity 11),x ,left,
x confirm  
Right RD down RD mash circle for supply vendor

VENDOR(supply): x(buy), 1down(mediumrecovery),x left(quantity max), x,
left x confirm

If max and money available, buy heavy recoveries, 2down to max //next
vendor too

QSLOAD, R3,RD left mash circle, 2down for inbox, x for tutorials(mash
x), scroll text, circle to exit

Up PJ, 5LR,3UR, 10LR,13DR, 13DLR, 3ULR, 2UR into lockon kills for savety
save into QSLOAD (if missed RR, then DR steps (non grass, grass is too
far) into LRs for save corner into down RD left mash circle)

Backup(near bridge): R3, 5UR(last one without steps),4LR, DJ downleft
grab get up R3 lift (metal sound), R3, lift upleft HALA jump HALA dash
upleft , 22ULR(LR at 17), 25 LR(music change) into lockon kills for SAVE
upleft mash circle for SAVE

QSLOAD

Backup: r3, UR,LR,2DR, 2RR, 6URR, 2DR, 2LR into walk into pascal talk (
camera setup should be door to the right) walk up, 7UR, 5RR, URs into
walk cutscene neutral wait for camera

Hold up mash circle for talk , if you dont hit him: try up RD from wall
left right mash circle else improvise

5UR,2RR,3DRR, wait for elevator, URR into elevator

### Factory

Up RD, LR mash text 8LR, DJ down(door opens), hold left for walk till
cutscene

Skip

Fight: Buff lockon DGG RBLB everything till elevator comes,
7-8UR(metalsounds) with up to 3DJ up dashes into ULR/URR mash circle,
lockon LB RB, when elevator opens RR inside, hold right a bit into
corner, NEUTRAL(setup 9S cam),4URs mash circle for vendor (LR if missed)

VENDOR(machine): x(buy),1down(medium recovery), x, left(quantity max), x
left x confirm

If max and money available, buy heavy recoveries, 2down to max

UR, up RD, DJ dash up, 2ULR out of door(camera change), neutral, 20 RR,
then 6DJ right dashes over enemies into neutral, \~3RRs until a door
opens, 4UR into door, lockon kill dude, upright right mash circle for
SAVE, from SAVE: 4DR down RD DJ down dash 2DLR to leave; from death just
5-6DR

(full health)25RR with RB\!\!\!(suicide bots do massive dmg)(pod fires
against wall), DJ right (camera change), neutral, 3RR, DJ right, hold
right (mash circle if crusher death before and collect chips with x left
x), till you hear crushers,

Crusher1(after DJ): right after you hear a crusher land( like at the
same time) start 10RR with slowmo(3s, 3RR), should be enough to get
through in a 1 cycle if slowmo rightly timed

3DJ right into transmission(third neutral with get up)

//crusher1 death -\> vendor room with 3 UR

Upright till door opens, then upright until enemy land, 3LR, left RD, DJ
dash left, 2ULR out of door,

Buff, RB, 10RR(heal after every suicide hit), DJ right, RR, DJ right,
RR, DJ right, 5 URR, around 10DRR(dodge doesnt count), try DJ right for
ladder, X get up, wait for transmission, 3UR, 2LR, left RD, 2DLR out of
door,

Platformer: 8RR, right 2RD, DJ left 2LR, left RD, DJ right, 2RR, wait
for enemy with dodges, kill him with DDG, RR,right RD, DJ left, DJ dash
right, RR, llefttap lift HALA dash left, DJ right dash, DJ right dash

Crushers2: wait just for crusher to land , then 13RR\~ with
slowmo(3dash)(DJ right over suicide bot when dialogue) DJ right, URR/RR
into door (machines talk), 4URR, 2UR, up RD, DJ up dash, UR//URR through
door, neutral, 5RR, ULR, DLR,DRR,URR, ULR, DLR, 3 DRR, 12RR(DONT LET GO
OF RIGHT FOR CAMERA, uptap if stuck in door), jump up RB lock on LB for
kill, mash circle for SAVE,

Upleft (DJ if stuck behind save), mash circle for elevator, RR into
elevator, LR/DLR/DR alternate (maybe with a few DJs for getting stuck at
machines) to cross bridge to boss

Boss(Soshi):

Phase1: just spam dodge in big circles(7quickdashes into each direction)
till electricity goes off

Phase2: buff, DDG RB all the way

Skip

### Getting out of Factory

5DR downright mash circle for elevator, RR into elevator

2LR out of elevator, 3RR(door open, check if laugh, if not then 3UR),
4URR 3UR, 4ULR(out of door, machine is raising arms up and down, RRUR
alternate),RR, UR, neutral, upleft, ULR(item), DRR,URR,ULR,DLR, DRR,
2RR(talk), neutral, 2RR, 3UR, LR, 2DR, 4ULR, 2DR,LR, 8UR,RR,DR, 3URR, DJ
downright dash, 3DRR, 8UR,LR, 2DR, 5ULR, 7URR, 5UR

Skip

## Eve (FinalBoss)

### Getting to Resistance Camp + Boss Rush

7ULR, 5UR, 3RR, 4UR, 4LR, 5-7DRR, (QSLOAD) or LR, UR,RR downright mash
circle for SAVE

Transport to City Ruins: Near Factory(3down)

R3,9UR, DJ up dash, 10UR,short LR, 4UR, 6RR, 4UR into walk up “nono”,
skip

Camp: UR, 2ULR,, 4UR,RR mash text, buff RB DDG to the right, continue
till everyone is dead(music stops), DLRs until anemone text mash

QSLOAD

R3,neutral PJ, 5LR,3UR, 4LR(“you again”)

Boss(Bokushi):into lockon buff RBLB, DDG up into electro water for dmg
boost, heal a lot

//rebuff a few times if needed\! You have a lot of buffs for last bosses

Skip

Boss(Core1): mash dodge at beginning, buff,lockon taunt RB,DDG all the
way; dodge at lazer attack, DDG doesnt hit, with taunt down before
attacking

Earthquake, skip

QSLOAD

Up circle mash for SAVE,

Transport to City Ruins: Near the Tower(3down)

QS, 16UR( water somewhere), 5LR, DLR, LR lockon buff, RB DDG everyone

Boss(Core2): wait for core to get out, lockon RBLB,DDG, rebuff alot,
test lockon a lot ( it does go away very often), use taunt

after kill : SD and try to kill yourself for savepoint warp, put 9s to
passive

If close enough: pascal flies down, camera changes towards him

TEST: 7DR(might also be up) into QSLOAD, maybe more, maybe a bit left or
right its RNG how the endposition of core2 was for pascal camera change,
if you cant find it either try finding it, Load you preCorefight and
repeat

From QSLOAD: R3, 2PJ neutral(needs to be quick), 13RR, 2UR, 4-5RR into
DJ right plunge, 2RR/wait for skip

Boss(Eve):

MENU IMPORTANT\!\!\!: System(all the way
right),x,2down(settings),x,2down(camera), 4up from bottom(locked enemy
tracking),x, max to right,x confirm, 2up(free enemy
tracking),x,maxright,x confirm

Phase1: mash dodge for first attack, else get kicked in face a few
times, lockon buff, taunt RB DDG, if you skip platforms, GG, else run
around find lockon, LB, use skill salve and LB till he falls down,
rebuff after “hacking him” shockwave

Else just DDG till “large … detected” and continue DDG,RB, rebuff

“Enemy unit cut off from network functionality”, skip

Phase2: buff + skill salve, lockon RBLB all the way, taunt all the time
, heal a lot \~ every second hit, dodge up taps all the way, rebuff
skill salve every 15 seconds(3 shots)

Phase3: up taps up walk all the time, as phase 2 but no dodging, more
healing + buffing + taunting, skill salve no use anymore,always move
like just right or just left for machine gun dodge and heal every 2
hits, dont forget to rebuff or rip, hold RB all the time

Skip

6-9 steps up

“9S”

Skip

TIME

EZ GG WP NO RE

# Options (Pre-Run)

BEFORE THE RUN:

Language:

Text: Japanese

Game:

Difficulty Normal

Partner Combat: Aggressive

Camera:

Horizontal Rotation Speed = 0

Vertical Rotation Speed = 0

Distance (Standard) = MAX

Distance (Combat) = MAX

Zoom Speed = 0

Vertical Auto Adjust = 0

Horizontal Auto Adjust = 0

Free Enemy Tracking = 0

Pursuit Speed = MAX

Locked Enemy Tracking = 0

Sound:

Music = 7

Controls:

SD on left DPad

Toggle Light on right DPad

# Notes

QSLOAD: start, x,x ,circle, left,x,down,x,x,left,x after sound confirm

Every QSLOAD takes around 35 seconds(english text) from menu opening to
first jump input

Dashes are not 100% normalized, try to always go for full dash into
first steps into dash again

RDs are normalized tho, only issue is the angle from the turnaround and
distance you move yourself

Quests accept dialogues mash only x without circle to not skip the
option

Fighting in general: always lockon RB,LB when available, and dash
attacks with WS1 or WS2 for homing SS or DG, after desert DDG always

CLEAR checking for walls with pod fire? Only walls in front of you with
camera

Long dashes with 2 steps afterwards normalization

CLEAR After getting fang, do DG into LA all the time while fighting

\-\> we do DDG after getting fang

Transporting does NOT save automatically\!

PJs also auto target near enemies, watch out\!

Transport: current location is not displayed on transporter, so choosing
destination varies from save to save

Death abuse only destroys all EQUIPPED chips in the equipped chipset\!
-\> early resilience

Save before every single transport

DONT FORGET TO SAVE AFTER CORE 2 SD \!\!\!\!\!\!

Shoutouts to Mytherium for advice with Crusher slowmo  
Shoutouts to remote\_mine for advice with Eve Camera Setup

Optimizations:

Quest 1 CLEAR

Quest 2 CLEAR

URs Pascal Village 1 after Cutscene CLEAR

Finding Save going to Factory2 CLEAR

Forest Castle Library Setup CLEAR

Ladder Setup Engels2 CLEAR

Desert Save to Amusement Park Movement CLEAR

Eve Camera Setup CLEAR

Eve Fight in general + 9S settings

Forest Goliath dodge

Finding save in questing CLEAR

Finding saves in general CLEAR

Started 02082018
