## Splits

### Prologue

Start new game without auto battle

ame him G

Skip into TB lockon attack x3 kills

Skip

Fight lockon till second spawn into get hit skip

2UR into lockon dark hand mash

On wave 3: mash lights into dark blast spam singles

Wave 4: fight with dark hand mash

Wave5: DJ dark lance mash

//at some points always refresh lockon

Wave 6: 3 fliers: DJ lance but might need to turn camera

Yonah??? Camera pans towards building

4UR into RR rolls D LR till boss spawn

BOSS: lockon 2UR into dash heavy combo dark blast mash / hold charge

Attack gauge: (no lockon) DJ into lance mash till kill (with lockon cam
turns to enemies)

Find building entrance (should be close but probably random direction) ;
need to find building footsteps

Find cutscene into skipx2,

### Day1

Mash into L stairs mash X for items, exit into TB

Find savepoint: straight D dash into camera turn, 3 UR into ULR, L U
mash x for save

2LR corner, 12DRR,DLR, nsDJ, 5DRR , 5DLR into nsDJ, mash x for entrance
(stone steps)

**Library**: 4UR, 1ULR,NR,3UR,DLR,RR nsDJ mash x for popola door, R x
mash for popola talk, mash through dialogue (get map+money), L x till
door, mash x, L door,

YonahTalk: RR into J 4RR, buffered DR into mash till cutscene, light
attack into x for talk, 2LR into mash x door skip

**Reset-\>Library:** 3DR, 5DLR, DJ 3DLR, L DJ, 6DLR, 3ULR DJ into U x
mash door

**Library-\>Fields:** 11UR into 8RR into transition

**Fields(Mutton):** instant call animals: start RR x,

9ULR, 5URR, call again x2 5 seconds wait

2ULR, U taps into 2xHA, mash X for loot into NR walk around hope for
loot, recall and repeat till TB

Neutral into shade spawn, wait a bit for camera pan, into LA spam, have
to kill 3 shades (big RNG), then find way back to village with
D/DRR/DLR), 4DR, 13DRR,2DLR, 20DR into UR (camera pans on gate)

TB

**North-\>shopkeeper:** 16URR,5UR,5ULR, 3UR, LR, Ltap into talk mash
through, talk again

A(buy, second sound), 3R,Ax2 buy, B out, (buy max heals also for you)

**Shopkeeper-\>Library:** L NR, 6DR, 7DLR,7LR,2DLR,LR, L DJ , 2LR, L DJ,
8DLR into 3ULR DJ mash for library

Library into exit LibraryExit: RR into J 3RR into 2DR mash x

**Library-\>Safepoint-\>House:** 8UR, 12LR into U x mash for save

House: DLR, 2 DLR DJ, 4DLR, D NR into DLR L mash x for house

R x mash till yonah talk, cutscene

**//Library-\>House:** 6UR, 13LR, 3DLR, D NR DLR into house

**Reload-\>House:** same but ULR starts DJ

### Day2

**House-\>Library:** 11DR, 3DLR, L DJ, 6DLR, 3ULR enter

**House-\>Library(DS):** 7Ds,2DLs,L DJ, 5DLs, 3ULs DJ into door

**Library**

**Library-\>Fields**

**Fields-\>Bridge:** 26ULR(pillar), 24LR, 5U into Rfight, kill two into
D kill 2, TB

**Bridge-\>Village:** 14RR, 25DRR,DLR,20DR UR into village (camera pan)

**Fields-\>Library:** 10ULR, 2LR,L DJ 2LR L DJ 8DLR, 2ULR DJ enter

**Library**

**Library-\>Safepoint-\>House:** talk to bed

**House-\>Library**

**Library:** but first TB into R3, warp to outside after talk

**Library-\>Eastern:** 6UR, 13LR, 16 DR J 3DR DRR into TB LA hold into D
mash x for ribbon (maybe HA into L just find, TB sinto UR transition

**Library-\>Eastern(DS):** 3Us,fall, 3Ls fall, 4Ls, 9Ds, DJ 2 Ds into
cutscene, UL x mash for ribbon U into transition

**Eastern-\>Shrine:**7ULR,10UR,7ULR,7UR,7URL,7UR,3ULR transition

**Eastern-\>Shrine(DS):**5ULs,7Us,5ULs,5Us,5ULs,5Us,1ULs transition

**Shrinepath:** UR into cutscene TBs, RR J ladder J getup, 7ULR, 10Us
into skip mash, 7LR,8DLR,RR J R into U, ULR URs till shrine, skip

**Shrinepath(DS):** 5ULs,10Us, skip, 5Ls,6DLs, RR J into Us till shrine,

**LostShrine1(DS):** 2Us, 4URs(last one no s), UJ
,3Us,3ULs,3Ls,3DLs(box),3Ds,4Rs, DJ R into 4Rs, Ds,7DLs, ULR, LR destory
box into get key, 4Rs, 7URs into UL mash key; 2 rooms with 2 shades,,
2UR into 9 ULR, 3LR, 5DLR, 2ULR, 4LR, D mash x for door, UR x for door,

DJ U dash door, fight\> kill 2 shades with lockon,, 2ULR, 1UR, 1ULR L
into ladder,

4UR into UL ladder instantlz 6UR into 1URR, 2UR 1ULR Ldoor,

2UR, 2ULR DJ over enemies, into kill 3 shades WITHOUT lockon, search
door with UR ULR,

DJ dash over box U door

Kill 2 shades with lockon into U door, R3 after door,

2ULR intoU mash door

3UR into fight without lockon, kill in both rooms little ones, then try
door again,

ULR into URs till TB U into x door

Outside:DLR, 4Rs, DJ 2Rs, J2Rs into TB, run a bit into DJ dash over pit,
6 RsR into skip,

2Us, 4URs, 3Rs R NR, guardlift J up, LA combo, URs into ULR2 DJ UL into
DJ down

4ULR, U NR into UL mash x for save

UR door

**LostShrine1:** 3UR,6URR, U J , 3UR,4ULR,4LR,4DLR, D J over box,
4DLR,5RR,R DJ 4RR DR,11DLR, ULR, LR destroy box into get key 5RR, 12 URR
into UL mash door key, lockon kill 2 shades, U into door, repeat, U
door, after door R3 before enemies spawn (2-3times), 2UR into 9 ULR,
3LR, 5DLR, 2ULR, 4LR, D mash x for door, UR x for door,

DJ U dash door, fight\> kill 2 shades with lockon, R3 after door, 2ULR,
1UR, 1ULRinto ladder,

4UR into UL ladder instantly 6UR into 1URR, 2UR 1ULR door,

2UR, 2ULR DJ over enemies, into kill 3 shades WITHOUT lockon, search
door with UR ULR,

DJ dash over box U door

Kill 2 shades with lockon into U door, R3 after door,

2ULR intoU mash door

3UR into fight without lockon, kill in both rooms little ones, then try
door again,

ULR into URs till TB U into x door

Outside:DLR, 7RR, J 3RR, J3RR into TB, run a bit into DJ dash over pit,
6 RsR into skip,

3UR, 6URR, 3RR R NR, guardlift J up, LA combo, URs into ULR2 DJ UL into
DJ down

4ULR, U NR into UL mash x for save

UR door

**BOSS:** 5UR, lLAHA

Skip

U into x mash get weiss, kill around for timer

Get dark blast, just kill till skip

Switch bosses on shield

Second phase mash dark blast

Third phase go up into dark blast mash lockon

U into cutscene get yonah

Skips

ladderclip: guardlift J U into LA combo on second UL on third ESS UL
\_\>L

(wood vs stone steps , ground attack instead of light, if triple then D
into dash DRR UR repeat)

//TODO test ladder clip vs fighting timings

//TODO test RsRs for movement

### Aerie

L out of house, grab items

**House-\>Devola-\>Library (camera suck):** 2DLs DLR into R3, U run into
talk mash till devola,

Wait for camera pan( devola sings), 5Us,DJ U, 1Us, 1URs, UR DJ, 4ULs,
4URs DJ UR into enter library

**Library(DS):** 2Us+1U,ULR,UL NR, 1Us+1U, buffered DLR into RR DJ , R
enter

Skip mash L mash etc.

Exit: RR J dash, 2Rs, 1DLs+1DL exit

TB

**Library-\>Fields**

**Fields-\>Aerie:** 17ULs, 15Ls 4Us, UL DJ onto bridge, 25Ls, 5DLs, 5Ds
into UR for transition,

**Aerie:** 15Us into mash for save, U into skip, R3,

10Us till chief house into U DJ void out, 22UR, DJ UR into DJ Us into
ladder, getup into wait for camera/R3,4DLR, J into 2DLR into DLRs J over
enemies if blocking till “I am looking for someone ..”

then 3DR, DLR into L DJ, 2DLR into, L DL ladder quickly getup, LR,UR, DL
mash for chiefs house,, talk twice

U J voidout, 15 UR + DJs till villager dialogue, DR into DJ D land on
bridge

17DLR, 3DR, 10DLs, into Ds till cutscene TB

5Us into UR mash x for kaines flowers, skip

**KaineFight:** lockon DB mash U dash heavy, skip, repeat

**Hook1:** lockon DB mash

Wait out dialogue into skips TBs, L out of the house, TB,2LR,2DLR,5Ds,
UL into exit

AerieSaveReload: R3, back to beginning of transition,

Dead-\>Continue at last void out

### JunkHeap1

Mash TB “go tlak to popola”

**Aerie-\>Village:** 3URs, DJ D into water voidout, UL DJ , 6ULs, 20Ls,
13ULs into transition

**Field-\>Library(DS):** 7ULs,,L DJ 2LR L DJ 6DLs, 2ULs DJ enter

**Library (talk to Popola twice and get money for quest 2x herbs)**

**Library-\>Tavern:**
