This document will record all the strats used in the NieR:Automata
Ending \[A\] Easy Blindfolded Speedrun. By Bubzia.

2020 TODO

To desert: from barricade: 11U,44UL, U

Desert oob movement + clip: clip into 3UL,lift 2UL fall,2UL,6U,10UL,
1U,5UL,4R,2RD,2U,DJU,mash circle for jackass

Desert: 3U,35UR, R into mash target

No dlc amusement park oob:

From discovery cutscene:

Full: 2U,J13U,J,4U,2UL,3R,DJU,L, oob clip , 2UR, TPF into neutral,
4U,4UR,5.5R,3D,3RD,1R,4UR,3Udash into stairs

//TODO trigger hit for ride

Half:

Check forest castle oob : 2L,3UL,6L,6UL, U into UL punch check podfire
wall, 4U, lift heavy U, 2U,5R,6UR into window, RD,U,2UR into
window,RD,liftcombo R, L lift heavy R tap jump, repeat 4x, into U
ending, 3U,R,UR into save

RD lift window comco TODO

Forest movement:

From cutscene: URbuffer till engange, 4UR DJ plunge, 7URDJ, 15UR,7U,
TODO

from bridge: 7U,3UL, L,UL double lift ULdash,LdoublePFplunge,
2U,DJ,triplePFwith last ULintoU,3U,mario kart

//if failed: U,doublePFwith second ULintoU

//TODO audio difference between both spots

4D,9DR,3UR,same as castle oob but inverse

Route flooded discovery oob

Desert diagonal movement

To amusement entry movement

Basically all movement

CCC X

Desert Housing X

Factory X

Factory room skip crusher 1 X

# Table of Contents

**[Abbreviations](#_csqvhxvz47hx) 2**

**[Splits](#_kxiof1de9p2g) 3**

> [Prologue (Engels1)](#_xbnsx9wmmpf9) 3
> 
> [Questing (City Ruins)](#_ag34r2owjdhl) 5
> 
> [Adam (Desert)](#_sx1au2d7qoye) 6
> 
> [Simone (Amusement Park)](#_am0srwpoarjn) 7
> 
> [Engels2 (City Ruins)](#_tg3s7ydmt1d7) 9
> 
> [Adam & Eve (Cave)](#_eqa2xz1fzohb) 9
> 
> [A2 (Forest)](#_q5bwdb2m5u6f) 11
> 
> [Grun (Flooded City)](#_tsf5xib11m09) 12
> 
> [Adam (Copied City)](#_29262ri7cgf6) 13
> 
> [Soshi (Factory)](#_ww5vy0g16q8p) 14
> 
> [Eve (BossRush)](#_7az655f0leo3) 15

**[Options (Pre-Run)](#_ya5fu8k1znea) 16**

**[Notes](#_ssjc4jmx0ynl) 17**

# Abbreviations

UR = up full dash

RR = right full dash

LR = left full dash

DR = down full dash

NR = neutral full dash

URR = upright full dash

ULR = upleft full dash

DRR = downright full dash

DLR = downleft full dash

RD = reverse dash = neutral dash backwards

QSLOAD = quicksave and load

WS1/WS2 = WeaponSet1/WeaponSet2

DJ = DoubleJump

PJ = PodLaunch

PF = PodFlight

RB = fire pod/fire shots, R1 button in general

LB = charged pod attack, L1 button in general

HA = heavy attack

LA = light attack

SS = shortsword

HS = heavysword

DG = dmg glitch

DDG = double damage glitch

SD = self destruction

# Splits

## Prologue (Engels1)

Wait till permission to engage, dodge left right with shooting, when
lazer stay at side right

Mobile mode,circle LA, stay side at lazer

Keep dodging at dont move after cutscene, go up and down with fire till
mobile

Mobile mode, circle LA, go up LA, go down LA, kill everything

skip

Silo1: MENU: destroy last 2 support chips and 2 up for auto evade+auto
fire

MENU: Equip barefists on WS1 heavy

taunt WS1 lockon kill Lockon kill everything, try throwing a DG at
phase3

Skip

Marx1: mash taunt, buff, left a bit rb, lockon with dodge down spam +
WS2 DG after perfect dodge (mostly 3 times)

skip

Mash, R3, 6-7UR till message, step down

#### Crane Skip

Left into metal, jump get up, R3, slowwalk right, DJ PJ neutral (metal
sound landing, dont holt RB DONT FIRE),

Slowwalk right a bit then slow turnaround left( or LA HS), WS2(SS) lift,
LA,HA,jump left PJ hold left, (may hold and get up; fail= hard landing),
down into get up,, 2singlejumps down into transmission, 3RR,neutral, DJ
up, 2RR DJ right dash

//if any of the first part fails, fall down under bridge, 2RD,left get
up R3 for reset

Neutral, 2RR, RR DJ right over gap, right till open sound, into 3UR

Fight:taunt WS1 kill everything, hold down after fight, exit and find
door (downleft, left, downright,right are possibilities),exit door(no
footsteps with down after closing door with going right), enter door
again, 6UR after door till closed second door, and transmission,

#### Bridge Skip

WS1(barefists HA), delayed lift, HA,LA, jump,HA(before peak),LA,right
plunge, (instant landing sound is good),jump right PF,jump PF, dash (if
success -\> the factory sounds start), RRs into door opening, neutral,
5LRs, 2ULR, (check if walls are left and up with pod)

//if we fall down second jump bridge skip, 3UR into DJ up on crane again

2DR(transmission), LR, 10UR,RR,DR, 3URL, DJ DR, 3DRR, 8UR, ULR,
2DR,4LR,ULR, 2URR into DJ plunge; 5UR into fight,

FIght: taunt kill everything with DG till shooting wave, go up and down
there to find with lockon, after fight 4UR, URR till metal, \~4, 11UR,
3ULR,URR,, 5DRR, 6RR, URR with jump till cutscene

skip

Marx2: lockon taunt shoot, go upright into one DG, then all the way
downleft till he stops and kill him there

Skip

Engels1: rb,spotdodge after perfect dodge do WS2, wait for music into
skip

Engels2: repeat, alert: down dodges 2 times, earthshake sounds

Hacking in, wait, skip

4UR, 3RR skip

17RR,neutral jump right into ladder, RRs till ladder, “9

Skip , UR, fight WS1 “I have to help 9s”, hold up into skipx2

Engels2: upright, downleft alternate RB+HA

“Shut up”, get punched into dodges RB, take arm, up HA dodge HA till
dead

Skip

## Questing (City Ruins)

### Bunker 1

Skip, 6-7RR DJ till mash skip, 2xconfirm into loading

Skip

Settings: mash into right mash x,x, ,max volume x, mash, up x circle
mash

Mash 9S talk hold left into up,

VENDOR: sell all HUD chips (1down into 9 sells) ; buy medium recoveries,
left out of room 2RR jump into talk, UR into Uprightup walk into door

RR jump right mash talk, QSLOAD ( from the very right RD jump RD 2RD for
commander)

Try 6RD into circle or up jump tap circle for quick elevator into LRs
till circleroom,

7-7.5LR “the hanger is just ahead”, UR, upleft, lefttap, LA, U into
elevator

From Save: 5LR,UR,upleft into opening sound, lefttap LA up into elevator

3RR DJ into skipx2

Flight: auto, rb leftdodges for 3 kills, right dodges into circle
fight(dodge sound changes), fidget spinner LB, up sword kill them
somehow

### City Ruins 1

Skip after soundcue

R3, UR,2RR,lift heavy jump dash right, RR DJ into skip

2UR,3LR,DJ neutral getup, R3,,change to WS2, DJ down Plunge down, 11 DR,
3RR, 3DR, 3RR , jump down dash, DJ down dash, grass sounds, (Barrier
skip) lift HA jump till hard sounds, DJ dash plunge down, (few steps
right), 10 DR/DDR, 8LR wiggles into skip,

### Resistance Camp 1

2PJ 2LA with fists right circle mash for save, (if missed left up right
a bit), 9RD right, 2RD down, left circle talk,3RDleft , up circle mash
talk, mash circle in menu, talk, up x confirm quest,5RDup down/right
talk to wierd,2RD down, left mash circle, up jump mash circle ,up x
confirm quest

QSLOAD

Backup: as in Resistance Camp 2

### Quest 1

R3, Neutral PJ, 5LR,3UR,

NewRoute:

19-20LR, 4-5UR into corner DJ getup R3, LR, UR up lift jump up, PF
upleft dash PF upleft, land in bush corner, 2DRR, double/single lift
getup check for barricade, if yes, up kill into enemies (old route but
mirrored; up is down etc. from here on), R3 on barricade when leaving
quest 1

OldRoute:10LR, 12UR( 3-4 after entering water), 12LR, 15DR with RRs in
between (sound 9s talk), 3URR, DJ right with downtap grab ledge R3, jump
down again ULR into corner

6DRs into enemy kills, get back to corner with 6URs 6URR,6ULR, check for
corner again

Items:

1.  > Keyboard down mash E

2.  > \!walk down slightest righttap till bush sound, stop immediately,
    > go right mash circle

3.  > 3LR, 2ULR,2DLR, down keyboard 4RD,keyboard right mash E

4.  > Righttapkeyboard, switch weaponset 3LA charged(SS)into keyboard up
    > mash circle

> Backup for 4: 5UR,3URR, right5RD, 2LA(SS), jump down mash circle

“Thats enough” when all collected

### Quest 2

Get back to normalized corner(5UR 6ULR from nr4) DJ up into get up

9S passive

DJ up,5RR,8UR,22-24RR, 8UR, fight guys activate savepoint,
(LR,UR,RR,downright,rightRD, 2LA SS, keydown mash E) save, LR, try
lockon RB DJ one from max distance if not go left a bit more, lure 1
towards you (taunt them) until he does his attack, hold RB into evade
small ones die after this, LA charged SS mash circle, if no item circle
the area a bit into lure next one repeat, for the big one use 2evade
taunt after you hear his footsteps and try to perfect evade his attacks

if not enough, QSLOAD into repeat: R3, 5UR kill everything mash circle
for items till 9s talks

### Resistance Camp 2

(QSLOAD; might try instant going for resistance save) 17UR QSLOAD into
resistance camp

Hold cirlce(talk to 9s), all the way down, 2down from top (long range),x

3PJ, left mash circle to talk, mash, talk again, mash till reward, then
mash and open shop somehow (either option up x) or close dialog and talk
again), down(upgrade),x,x(contract),left x confirm (lvl2 SS), circle
till quest end

3steps down, right mash circle for talk, mash till reward

(lefttap) up mash circle for anemone talk, mash, option up x to help,

## Adam (Desert)

### Getting to Desert 

3DR,5/6LR into call (or QSLOAD if lost), 3UR,

NewRoute: 19LR, 5-7UR, DJ getup, R3, LR, UR lift up jump upleft PF dash
PF into grass, check down lift for barricade, get down again, 2DLR into
corner, 10UR,

15-17ULR into fall/concrete sounds, 26ULR into stop check for music,

URs mash circle for vendor, buy as in oldRoute, 4LR, DR hold down till
concrete steps, righttap down mash circle for save

5UR, 2RR, 10UR, LR, 9UR, 22LR(with a DJ at around 4-5), 6-7DR, 3.5LR,
2UR into DJ up mash cirlce

OldRoute:

20LR, 7DR, 8DLR into QSLOAD

15LR, 3-4DR, 30-32LR (music change), 2DR, 5LR mash circle for early
vendor

3DR,2DRR, down RD, right mash circle for save

QSLOAD

DESERT SAVE: R3, 2UR mash circle for vendor

VENDOR: down(sell),x,all the way down, x left x for sell, 2times,all the
way down, 11up IMPORTANT: NOT 12 or run is dead \!\!\! ENDING \[T\],
sell 10 times

VENDOR: 4up from bottom(resiliance),x,,x,left x confirm,all the way
up,2down,(melee atk up s) right x11, x left x, down x(range atk up)
right x11,2up(medium recovery),x,left x (quantity max), left x confirm,
circle to close

MENU:

4right(skills),x,down(chips),x(A),downx(automatic),x balanced focus,left
x confirm

MENU:3right(weapon),down x(WS1),down x(barefist),x(all weapons),down
x(VC),x,x(equip), close menu //equip DDG

4LR, 5UR, 21-21.5LR, 26DR,(you might do a few DLR inbetween if you miss
the pipe that leads down) //no item sound if unlucky

8LR, 7RD, PJ, DJ, PJ talk, camera change

8UR, 3-4LR until stone sound(if not jump left once), UR,RR,UR,5LR,7UR
into fight, 7LR, UR , DJ up dash into skip

### Desert

Desert Movement: 30UR, 30RR

kill lonely dude, (4URs)URs and DJs up till cutscene, skip

Desert City: DJ up plunge up (land on metal), 38UR into
“cutscene””runrun”, “lets get em” hold up neutral up into “nice
weather” 4UR 10RR,lefttap 19DR(a few DRRs for getting stuck on
buildings), 4RR into “runrun”

30URs into “there it goes”,

6-7UR into skip

5RR into fall, 4LR into fall SD cancel, skip

MachineFight: buff, R3, taunt mash camera down, lazer, random attacks
and camera spin RBs all the time till next phase, then kill as much as
possible for exp with DDG, dodge and heal as needed, at 6th to 7th “this
cannot continue” dodge far away and SD slowmo, skip with holding circle

BOSS(Adam): phase1: full heal buff, mash taunt into DG into,

Phase2: UR into DDG mash taunt all the time up a bit,

Phase 4: 2 lazers for 2 teleports, second location is upleft and lockon
shots,

After second teleport downright into rebuff taunt DDG kill

Skip

Escape: 5UR, 10RR, 2DJ down,DR, LR, 3DR, 4RR, 2UR, DJ up UR, 4UR,
2RR,UR,RR alternate till 9s talk, should be in a corner UR, 3DJ right,
3RR, 2UR,2DJ upUR, RR, 6UR, 13 DJ up UR (9s “move to area” in middle,
stone steps, pod fire wall), RR,UR, right circle mash for push, push
till fall, 5RR, 3UR,2RR 3-4DJ up UR till transmission, wait the dialogue
out, QSLOAD

## Simone (Amusement Park)

### Getting into Amusement Park

R3, 4RR, mash circle for talk, confirm with x, 10RR,2UR,10RR
,25UR,2RR,10UR till water, then instantly 15RR,6RD backup with 10RR,
8UR, “looks like our route..:”, RD, jump hold right into ladder (if 3
doesnt work, 1 step down left again) circle into fall down, R3, 5LR,
left RD, 8UR, 8URR(debris),LR, downleft into ladder,8 x jumps to get up,
5UR, 6LR, 5UR DJupdash into skip

### Amusement Park

3UR,DJ up, 13UR, DJ up, 2.5UR, 2RR; downright (if music doesnt stop,
stuck in door, rightRD,upRD downright) walk till music stops vocal,
(should be in corner), 6UR (“where does this corridor lead?”), 3RR,5UR,
2RR into “cutscene” talk, 5RR, upRD, right mash circle for save

#### Carousel Skip

Right, DJ rightdash, First try: 3RR,UR,neural lift HA J HA, right dash,
RR (test if you are up by pressing up, she doesnt move or you went
through then continue)

QSLOAD BACKUP: left4RD,5UR, neutral lift HA J HA SD HA updash, (test if
you are up by pressing up, she doesnt move or you went through)

4LR(music starts)

DJ left, hold left a bit, neutral DJ PJ into “cutscene”, R3, 3UR,4LR (LR
until 9s talks),2steps up, LR, RD,wait, 4RR into stairs, UR, 3LR, UR,
3RR, LR, DJ up onto rollercoaster,

Lockon kill everything with DDG and RB till end grab items

RRs into skip

BOSS(Simone): 2UR buff taunt lockon DDG RB spam phase 1,

Phase2: Hacking: hold up and shoot first 4 tiles, go right/left around
and kill rest into kill core

Skip after 2B moan

Lockon dash punch RB everything in the room when simone comes back
taunt, lockon DDG all the way,“Dmg in memory regions” skip

## Engels2 (City Ruins) 

### Getting to Pascals Village

Equip Chipset B

Up mash circle till talk, 6DR DJ down talk, walk down, 6DR into talk,
mash,

7DR,LR, DJ left(“this way”), LR,3DR, 3LR, DJ left, DR, DJ down, 3DR, RD
SD cancel, LA, jump right for ladder, 3X to get up, 12LR into skip, 24LR
into skip(LR all the way after ladder),

3UR,DJ dash right, 4RR,DJ down,up mash circle into save (prepare save
for death warp)

2LR, down mash circle to talk to pascal, talk 2 times(gets new quest)

### Getting to Resistance Camp (Death Warp)

DRs after talk

Wierd cam: (after 10DR forest music) 33DR into sound, 3RR into “we can
get”

Normal cam: (stuck on wood for 10DR), 10DRR, 10DR, 7DRR into sound, 3URR
into “we can get”

“we can get into the city ruins”, left a bit up mash circle for box,
then push all the way(4times),keep holding circle and R3, 9s to passive,

4LR, 14DR, 17LR, like 7DR 1-2LR 10DR; at last DR should be bush
sound),10LR, 12-14DR(waterfall),15LR,10DR into subquest, 3DR, DRR, down
2RD

4LR(debris sound),DLR, left 3RD, 4DR(instant stop),3RR (down circle
check for weapon vendor),

If not, HA down, right circle mash for vendor,(if still no vendor, then
go back with 2LR(centerish) and try to improvise; should not happen)

If yes: down, jump PJ, step down , right circle mash for anemone,(if
single line guy, RD into down circle mash for anemone) mash text, \!
CAMERA CHANGE TO ROOM

4UR, 9RR/DRR, SD, equip chips set B

RRs/hold right till lockon works, shoot one guy, let him kill you, down
x for continue,x for tutorial,

//DONT FORGET TO PUT 9S ON PASSIVE BEFORE

### Getting to Engel 2

Make 9S long range again,equip chips set A

RD,hold DJ right till ladder,2X get up, 1.5-2LR, UR, URR, left circle
mash for talk(wait for transmission end\!), mash till explosion,

DR, 2RR(second one like instant cancelled), down leftish walk to search
for ladder, circle to drop,3LR, 3DR,

Wierd cam: (after 10DR forest music) 33DR into sound, 3RR, LR, UR

Normal cam: (stuck on wood for 10DR), 10DRR, 10DR, 7DRR into sound,
mostly normal cam

3URR, DR, LR, downleft circle for box, L3, step down, 18LR, 7UR, lockon
kill everything and activate savepoint(RR,1-2UR, LRs, down mash circle),
save

NewRoute:

RR,1-2UR, LRs into corner, neutral J into getup R3, 3LR, 15UR, 3LR,
20UR, RR, 3UR, ULR lift onto barricade continue with old route

OldRoute: QSLOAD

R3, 3PJ, 15RR, 2UR,15RR,DR,7RR ,URR,DJ right get up R3

DJ up, 5RR(“flight units”), 20UR, 10RR,UR,5RR,2UR,5RR right 13RD, 4UR

(if it doesnt work, and we are stuck at the item corner, do 9 upRD,
6rightRD into 4 UR)

right into ladder,20X climbs, circle neutral RD, neutral 4RD into
explosion/camera change

Wait with lockon for fight to start till DDRs

Buff + taunt

DRRs all the time, Kill engel with lockon RBLB, and taunt DDG after
every punch(like 3 DG into longer section DDG into DDRs always) after
last hit(explosion):

5DLR into corner, \~3DRR into fall, 2DLR into upright grab ladder, 20X
up, circle RD, 7RD, R3, RR +few steps, neutral, DJ PJ, 6RR, DR mash
circle go down

Backup: all the way down, go DLRs,1leftRD, UR mash circle

Boss(Engel2) :

Flight section: RB up and HA all the time, wait for boss then also buff
LB (level up = kill)

Skip

## Adam & Eve (Cave) 

### Getting to Cave

NewRoute:

After take off: 15UR,3LR, 7-10UR DJ up 13UR up plunge, 2UR DJ up into
pit,

LRs into cave, 7LR, 5-7UR (TODO check), LR DJ left twice, upleft DJ
dashes around 4-5 with wiggles (cave is wierd), 3DLR DJ dashes , 3-4 DR
into water, 2LR, ULRs into “look at those dead machines” continue with
old route

OldRoute:

3UR, 17LR, 3DR into save(wait for dialogue)

QSLOAD

R3, 4PJ, 13RR, DJ right plunge, 2RR, DJ right plunge, wait for “thats a
wierd looking enemy” + 5 sec, 6-10LR DJ left dashes into pit, 4LRs into
cave(light tutorial), 5UR, 7LR with DJs/ULR (no water), 5DR (with 2DRR,
water), 2LR, 7ULR, 5LR,3UR into 5LR skip

//””look at those dead machines” when near the right hallway”

//”this path looks old” when right on DRs

Boss(Adam\&Eve): lockon DDG RB all the time till dead (lvl up once),
then dodgespam until skip

### Getting out of Cave

mash,17UR,3RR,3UR, 6LR, up mash circle for chest, 10UR, 3RR,
7UR(water,music stops), left mash circle for talk, camera change, up
circle mash for SAVE (transport unlocked, down x at savepoint),

Transport to bunker(first one), x left x confirm

## A2 (Forest)

### Bunker 

Mash text, (QSLOAD)

Or faster: 6RD, hold up, tap up jump cirlce for elevator, LRs into ULR
mash circle after dialogue into save transport

Transport to pascals village(1up from bottom)

### Pascals Village

RD,right into ladder,2X get up, LR,UR,ULR, left mash circle for talk,
mash X for dialogue, at options 1 up from bottom, mash text, leftstep
,DR,2RR, downleft find ladder(or QSLOAD), circle to drop, right 5RD, up
mash circle for smith,

Check for vc3: down (upgrade), x left x

If yes or no: discard menu

MENU:2right(items),down(restorative items), check how many there are, if
2 then discard first one completely(left quanitity), circle,
down(enhancement item), discard everything, down(support items), discard
everything, down(materials), 1up from bottom(one above machine core),
discard completely, go down all the way again and repeat till only one
item left

VENDOR: down,x(sell), 1down(machine core),x,left(max quantity),x,left,x
confirm

VENDOR: x(buy),4down(melee atk up L),x,4right(quantity 41), x, left x,
2down(ranged atk up L),x,4right(quantity 41), x, left x,, 2down(melee
defense up L),x,4right(quantity 41), x, left x, 2down(ranged defense up
L),x,4right(quantity 41), x, left x, all the way up, 1down(medium
recovery),x,left,x(max quantity),x left x (confirm)

//now we can buff before every fight and spam heal like a madman

MENU:skills-chips-c-2down(automatic)-down(attack focus)-left confirm

MENU:skills-chips-A-down(automatic)-down(attack focus)-left confirm

circle-A-x(customize),x(equipped chips)-all the way down-x down x
(remove chip) twice, x for auto confirm, close menu

RR mash circle for save, transport to City Ruins: Near Tower(3down)

### Forest

R3, menu save, 4LR, 4ULR, upleft a bit, DJ up PJ up, 18LR (over bridge),
7DR, 5LR into camera change mash,, get back to center and wait through
dialogue(with DR and DLR and stuff), buff taunt kill everything with
lockon DDG RB (might try neutral 3RD talk 9S walk down,downright for
dialogue skip)

Skip x2

4UR,RD , neutral DJ PJ, 4UR, 18RR

Skip

Wait till “king”, 7-8RR, 10UR, RR, 6UR (“we must protect”), 19RR with a
bit URR or 1UR, DJ dash right DJ right plunge at “how are we supposed to
reach that castle”

4LR, DJ left dash, 6-10LR(might need some uptaps, after item 3 LR), 3UR
plunge up,

LR, lift HA LR, DLRs LR, left RD,triple lift, DJ dash left, LR until
water, 6UR into DJ up plunge(hit bridge preferably)

If bridge hit: jump down again with up/down plunge

If not: 1-2UR DJ up plunge into bridge, if again just repeat

15UR(9s talks at 10), DJ up, 7RR,5UR, 4LR,2UR, 5LR, UR(short), 10LR with
one short UR s intocutscene into DJ dash left(cutscene starts sometime,
need to find the right position fast with some upleft downleft taps),

URR, wait for enemies to come close, triple PF jump right, goliath SD
(sound explosion), fall down

4RD, 5RR, 4URR, 13UR till enemy sounds, DJ up, lockon kill, downright to
SAVE

### Forest Fortress

2LR,UR(wait for fall), 4LR, 4UR into DJ up dash,URs continued(go neutral
into RRs; enemy steps approaching) // on reset with save L3 and do same
movement but with 90° change: LR =UR etc.

After DJ - 4RR, DJ right dash , 4RR, DJ right dash, try immediately DJ
right dash again to get up(“watch out for hostile enemies 2B”), 7RR
total(there should be an item sound) into DJ right dash “cutscene”

//backup if falling down, all the way right with RR, 2RD, jump left, DJ
left, DJ right dash

8RR, DJ right dash, 5RR hold RB, RR till changed steps(and RB stops for
a second), neutral(changed steps), downstep, LR,DR,doublelift dash up,
1.5RR,DR find ladder with downleft ,jump right, 2Xget up, LR, DR. left
into right jump for ladder, 2Xgetup, 2LR, neutral, 2LR, UR, 2-3leftstep,
double lift, dash downleft, hold upleft for next door(wooden sound at 1
step), 8LR(enemy sound), DJ dash left, left lockon kill dude,up into
SAVE(search for savepoint with like upleft circle mash from entrance)

11DJ left dash till skip

BOSS(A2): buff, taunt LR, lockon DDG RB all the way

Skip

#### Post A2 Cutscene Skip 

5RR into text, dont mash wait for all the steps of 2B,x,HA(LA),
righttap(step), tripplelift dash right plunge, x for text(2B doesnt move
anymore, plunge needs to be early), 6URR with holding slowmo circle mash
for SAVE, if enemies go right out of door and return with ULR(despawn)
mash circle for SAVE

Transport to Pascal Village (2up from bottom)

## Grun (Flooded City)

### Pascal Village 

RD,right DJ for ladder, 2X get up, 1,5LR,UR,URR,left mash circle for
talk, mash X for option, first option x, mash text,
lefttap,DR,2RR,down(find ladder), circle to drop, HA, left mash circle
for SAVE

Transport to Resistance Camp(1down)

### Resistance Camp + Getting to Flooded City 

R3, 4PJ,right a bit, up RD, right HA mash for after dialogue (backup,
wait for phone call, left mash text for transmission skip, downstep
right mash circlemash for anemone(maybe jump right once), mash text,)
menu save 3DR, 6LR(straight, music change),3UR, 10LR,12UR,6LR, 2DLR, LR,
2DR,left, jump left PJ left SD falldmg, (uptap), 6RR,3UR,20RR, 15DRR(
try RR at the end for cutscene camera) into cutscene

skip

RR,2DRR, lockon kill everything, uprightish mash circle for SAVE
(RR,URR, ULR, downleft mash for save)

### Flooded City

LR, 2-3ULR find the water and jump into it (left side)

5UR, 4ULR,7UR into ULR DJ upleft dash into water for normalization,

5UR,jump right, 6RR,URR, DJ right with a bit up, 2-3URR DJ right, 2URR,
jump right podflight, triple PF jump right

“Lets beat those guys already” if you made it, lockon kill everything
with buff taunt DDG, RB lift HA plunge(LB for fidgetspinner) “I think
thats the last...” wait for dialogue, skip

\!MENU: system-chips-C-down(equip)

find water into upleft mash circle

### Grun-Sequence

Phase1: dodge left right with RB to kill everything

Phase2: autochip LA mash

Phase3: dodge left right RB, 4th enemy wave with delayed LB

Phase4: autochip LA mash

“Klicks away from us”, skip

Phase5(miniboss): Buff, Up, LB, then RBHA and LB again when refreshed(a
bit after laser) till dead, dmg boost through lazer or go left right

Skip

Phase6: autochip LA everything

“But its the only way” skip x2

Phase7: autochip LA everything

EMP-Generator1(at lazersound,metalhitsound in phase7): buff, downright
all the way LA, all the way upright LA ,repeat, the LB on core into LA
into kill

Skip after “laserstrike”

Phase8: autochip LA everything

Mortar: check with jump if active, 4UR, jump up mash circle to enter

Mash fire, wait, slowmo+ mash at “direct approach”, else just mash fire
slowmo till dead

Skip x2

Phase9: autochip LA everything

EMP-Generator2(metal sounds): buff, a bit right with LA, a left with LA
repeat, LB at core into LA

EMP-Generator3(metal sounds): buff, a bit right with LA, a left with LA
repeat, LB at core into LA

Countdown into skip x2

## Adam (Copied City)

### Getting to Copied City

Deactivate autochips, LR, triple PF jump

If success: no dialogue, if not 3LR repeat

4.5LR, 13-14DR(should be close to waterfall + grasssounds), 4RR, 3DR DJ
down into water ( if you fall into water at 12DR, do 5DR DJ down, 2DR,
4RR)

2RR,2DRR into lockon kills , URR, left mash circle for SAVE

Transport City Ruins - Near the Tower(4down)

R3, 4PJ, 13RR, DJ right plunge, 2RR, DJ right plunge, 6UR DJ up dash,
continue URs till music goes away(cave), 4UR, 4RR, 2UR, 5RR, right RD,
2UR, upleft mash circle for elevator, RR into elevator, LR outside into
skip

### Copied City

5UR, 4RR, 3UR, RR, 3UR, 5URR DJs, into UR DJs till skip

Boss(Adam):

Phase1: 2DR,3LR with DJ left, ULR till phase 2 (“has no meaning to us”)

Skip

Phase2: Buff,taunt, autochip lockon DDG RB

Phase3: as phase2

Skip

2UR into skip

## Soshi (Factory)

### Getting into Factory

Mash text(anemone) HA, DJ up , upRD, collect, right mash circle for
talk, talk again into dialogue skip 10steps

QSLOAD, R3,RD,check inbox

New route: 2 circle, up x transport, 1 down for city ruins center

R3, 10UR, 6 URR, doublelift SD tap getup, 2LR(with 2steps on last one),
2UR J, up J getup, UR rollout, UR triple PF with 1up and 2nd+3rd
right/upright, 25RR into music stop, 25URR into enemies, right DJ into
kills, activate transporter, DRR doublelift dash DRR,UR, 8ULR, 3RR;
3-4DR into pascal

OldRoute: PJ, 5LR,3UR, 13LR,18DR, 13DLR, 5LR(corner with enemy sounds),
2UR LR into lockon kills for safety save into

2down for inbox, x for tutorials(mash x), scroll text, circle to exit

QSLOAD

R3, 7UR,4.5LR, 1.5DR DJ downleft grab get up, R3, upleft triplelift dash
upleft , 20ULR, LR, 3ULR,30 LR(music change) into DJ up lockon kills for
SAVE upleft mash circle for SAVE

No qsload: double lift dash up, LR, 7DR, LR,2UR,3RR, UR, triplelift dash
up into walk 10UR corner, 6RR into door

QSLOAD

Backup: r3, 2UR,LR,2DR, 2RR, 7URR, 2.5DR, 3LR into walk into pascal talk
( camera setup should be door to the right) walk up, 10UR, 6RR, URs into
walk cutscene neutral wait for camera

Hold up mash circle for talk , if you dont hit him: try up RD from wall
left right mash circle else improvise

5UR,2RR,3DRR, wait for elevator, URR into elevator (try dialogue skip)

### Factory

Up RD, LR mash text 8LR, (DJ down(door opens)), hold left for walk till
cutscene

Skip

Fight: (NO lockon) Buff taunt DGG RB everything till elevator comes,
7-8UR(metalsounds) with up to 3DJ up dashes into ULR/URR mash circle,
lockon LB RB, when elevator opens RR inside, hold right a bit into
corner, NEUTRAL(setup 9S cam),4URs mash circle for vendor (LR if missed)

VENDOR(machine): x(buy),1down(medium recovery), x, left(quantity max), x
left x confirm

If max and money available, buy heavy recoveries, 2down to max

UR, up RD, lift dash up, 2ULR out of door(camera change), neutral, 25
RR, then 7DJ right dashes over enemies into neutral, after door closes:
autochip ,30RR DJ right (camera change), neutral, 3RR, DJ right, 12-15RR
into DJ RR twice

Upright till door opens, then upright until enemy land, autochip off
3LR, left RD, lift dash left, 2ULR out of door, autochip on

10RR, DJ right, RR, DJ right, RR, DJ right, 5 URR, around 10DRR(dodge
doesnt count), try DJ right for ladder, X get up, wait for transmission,
3UR, 2LR, left RD, 2DLR out of door,

Platformer: 8RR, right 2RD, DJ left 2LR, left RD, DJ right, 2RR, wait
for enemy with dodges, kill him with DDG, RR,right RD, DJ left, DJ dash
right, RR, llefttap doublelift dash left, DJ right dash, DJ right dash

15RR, DJ right, URR/RR into door (machines talk), autochip off 4URR,
2UR, up RD, DJ up dash, UR//URR through door, neutral, 5RR,UR, ULR,
DLR,DRR,URR, ULR, DLR, 3 DRR, 12RR(DONT LET GO OF RIGHT FOR CAMERA,
uptap if stuck in door), jump up RB lock on LB for kill, mash circle for
SAVE,

Upleft (DJ if stuck behind save), mash circle for elevator, RR into
elevator,run setup in elevator down, then downleft wiggle left down into
boss

Autochip on

Phase1: just spam dodge in big circles(7quickdashes into each direction)
till electricity goes off

Phase2: taunt buff, DDG RB all the way

Skip

### Getting out of Factory

5DR downright mash circle for elevator, RR into elevator autochip off

2LR out of elevator, 3RR(door open, check if laugh, if not then 3UR),
4URR 3UR, 4ULR(out of door, machine is raising arms up and down, RRUR
alternate),RR, UR, neutral, upleft, ULR(item), DRR,URR,ULR,DLR, DRR,
2RR(talk), neutral, 2RR, 3UR, LR, 2DR, 5ULR, 2DR,LR, 9UR,RR,DR, 3URR, DJ
downright dash, 3DRR, 8UR,LR, 2DR, 5ULR, 2URR, DJ upright plunge, 7URs
into skip

Skip

## Eve (FinalBoss)

### Getting to Resistance Camp + Boss Rush

12ULR, 3RR, 4UR, 4LR, 5-7DRR, (QSLOAD) or LR, UR,RR downright mash
circle for SAVE

Transport to City Ruins: Near Factory(3down)

Newroute. Transport to city ruins: center(2down)

QS

R3, 10UR,6URR, up doublelift SD tap getup

6LR, 3ULR, jump left doublelift SD tap getup

4ULR into DJ plunge, 5ULR into DJ, 10-15ULR

DLRs/DR, left singlelift dash left (barricade), DJ left plunge, ULRs
into resistance camp

R3,10UR, DJ up dash, 10UR,short LR, 5UR, 7RR, 6URs into walk up “nono”,
skip

Camp: UR, 2ULR,, 4UR,RR mash text, buff RB DDG to the right, continue
till everyone is dead(music stops),

QSLOAD

R3,neutral 3PJ, mash skip earthquake 2DR, 5LR,3UR, 4LR(“you again”)

Boss(Bokushi):into lockon buff taunt RB, DDG up into electro water for
dmg boost, heal a lot

//rebuff a few times if needed\! You have a lot of buffs for last bosses

Skip

Boss(Core1): 5LR at beginning, buff,lockon taunt RB,DDG all the way;
dodge at lazer attack, DDG doesnt hit, with taunt down before attacking

Earthquake, skip

QSLOAD

Up circle mash for SAVE,

Transport to City Ruins: Near the Tower(3down)

QS, R3, 16UR( water somewhere), 5LR, DLR, LR lockon buff, RB DDG
everyone

Boss(Core2): wait for core to get out, lockon RBLB,DDG, rebuff alot,
test lockon a lot ( it does go away very often), use taunt buff

after kill : SD and try to kill yourself for savepoint warp, put 9s to
passive

If close enough: pascal flies down, camera changes towards him

TEST: 7DR(might also be up) into QSLOAD, maybe more, maybe a bit left or
right its RNG how the endposition of core2 was for pascal camera change,
if you cant find it either try finding it, Load you preCorefight and
repeat

Autochip lockon helps a lot for finding enemies

From QSLOAD: R3, 2PJ neutral(needs to be quick), 15-16RR, 2UR, 5RR into
DJ right plunge, 2RR/wait for skip

Boss(Eve):

Autochip on\!\!\!

MENU IMPORTANT\!\!\!: System(all the way
right),x,2down(settings),x,2down(camera), 4up from bottom(locked enemy
tracking),x, max to right,x confirm, 2up(free enemy
tracking),x,maxright,x confirm

Phase1: mash dodge for first attack, else get kicked in face a few
times, lockon buff, taunt RB DDG, if you skip platforms, GG, else run
around find lockon, LB, use skill salve and LB till he falls down,
rebuff after “hacking him” shockwave

Else just DDG till “large … detected” and continue DDG,RB, rebuff

“Enemy unit cut off from network functionality”, skip

Phase2: buff + skill salve, lockon RBLB all the way, taunt all the time
, heal a lot \~ every second hit, dodge up taps all the way, rebuff
skill salve every 15 seconds(3 shots)

Phase3: up taps up walk all the time, as phase 2 but no dodging, more
healing + buffing + taunting, skill salve no use anymore,always move
like just right or just left for machine gun dodge and heal every 2
hits, dont forget to rebuff or rip, hold RB all the time

Skip

7 steps up

“9S”

Time

EZ GG WP NO RE

# Options (Pre-Run)

BEFORE THE RUN:

Language:

Text: Japanese

Game:

Difficulty Normal

Partner Combat: Long Range

Camera:

Horizontal Rotation Speed = 0

Vertical Rotation Speed = 0

Distance (Standard) = MAX

Distance (Combat) = MAX

Zoom Speed = 0

Vertical Auto Adjust = 0

Horizontal Auto Adjust = 0

Free Enemy Tracking = 0

Pursuit Speed = MAX

Locked Enemy Tracking = 0

Sound:

Music = 7

Controls:

SD on left DPad

Toggle Light on right DPad

Equip auto chips

# Notes

QSLOAD: start, x,x ,circle, left,x,down,x,x,left,x after sound confirm

Triple lift: jump HA jump HA SD cancel HA dash

Every QSLOAD takes around 35 seconds(english text) from menu opening to
first jump input

Dashes are not 100% normalized, try to always go for full dash into
first steps into dash again

RDs are normalized tho, only issue is the angle from the turnaround and
distance you move yourself

Quests accept dialogues mash only x without circle to not skip the
option

Fighting in general: always lockon RB,LB when available, and dash
attacks with WS1 or WS2 for homing SS or DG, after desert DDG always

CLEAR checking for walls with pod fire? Only walls in front of you with
camera

CLEAR After getting fang, do DG into LA all the time while fighting

\-\> we do DDG after getting fang

Transporting does NOT save automatically\!

PJs also auto target near enemies, watch out\!

Transport: current location is not displayed on transporter, so choosing
destination varies from save to save

Death abuse only destroys all EQUIPPED chips in the equipped chipset\!
-\> early resilience

Save before every single transport

DONT FORGET TO SAVE AFTER CORE 2 SD \!\!\!\!\!\!

Shoutouts to Mytherium for advice with Crusher slowmo  
Shoutouts to remote\_mine for advice with Eve Camera Setup

Optimizations:

Quest 1 CLEAR

Quest 2 CLEAR

URs Pascal Village 1 after Cutscene CLEAR

Finding Save going to Factory2 CLEAR

Forest Castle Library Setup CLEAR

Ladder Setup Engels2 CLEAR

Desert Save to Amusement Park Movement CLEAR

Eve Camera Setup CLEAR

Eve Fight in general + 9S settings CLEAR

Forest Goliath dodge CLEAR

Finding save in questing CLEAR

Finding saves in general CLEAR

Started 03112018
