Hello, ladies and gentlemen\! This will be a short highlight video about
the recent world first blindfolded 120 Star completion by me. I will go
over the entire run in terms of splits and highlights and try to
commentate over it in order to explain my thought process during these
sections and cover eventual explanations for mistakes etc. Let us
start\!

In the beginning, we first go to BOB and get the first 3 stars, nothing
too special. We need to split BOB into two parts as we need the Wingcap
for later stars like 100 coins, but that only spawns from 10 stars on.
Thats why we instantly move on to CCM.

CCM will be the first stage in the run that we fully clear. We start
with the infamous „Penguin Skip“ . Unfortunately it took me a total of 5
tries until I finally got it. It is a frame perfect input to delay the
start of the race towards the end of the slide, so a few retries are
definitely expected.

**show 100 coins slide**

The rest of CCM is also included in 70 Star, besides the 100 coin star.
That one is actually one of the easier ones, thanks to a new strategy
for the slide that was found very recently.

**show blue coin switch star grab at end**

After the shortcutted slide we have just enough coins to reach 100 with
all the overworld coins.

Next up is the Darkworld Reds. Fortunately, it is a quite easy star in
blindfolded.

In the beginning, we cheese a red coin with a cool ledgegrab strat that
gives us just enough distance to still reach the hitbox of the coin.

The later reds require a global music cue, as the platforms are bound to
cycles that I need to keep track of. The rest is relatively easy.

The next stage clear is WF. Again a stage that is in 70 star with 5/7
stars. We first tackle the infamous „Cannonless“. And succeed in it
first try\!

Next, there is the 100 coins + reds. In 100 coins, I had a first very
unfortunate death with 53 coins. I fell down after a mistimed slidekick
and messed up the backup.

The second attempt went much smoother though, and I managed to get both
stars with relative ease.

WF has a lot of coins so this star is very forgiving in terms of RNG.

After WF, we quickly get both Secret Slide stars and finally activate
the Wingcap switch.

In the revisit of BOB, we tackle the first really challenging star: BOB
100. It involves multiple rounds of normalizing at the sign in the
beginning of the stage and going back up to the island in order to
collect the coins from the air. For that we use very precise beatcounts.
And here is also the first very crazy backup of the run.

During the first flight, I did not manage to collect all 5 secrets as I
was supposed to.

Thats why on the second round, the cutscene starts to play in the middle
of my beatcount. This of course messes up my timing on when to
groundpound for the next 3 coins, but luckily enough I perfectly
substituted the cutscene waiting time in my head and managed to
perfectly groundpound the coins kind of by feeling.

After grabbing more coins throughout the stage, I ended up at the pole
section, which is very random. Unfortunately, my RNG was only decent, so
I had to still go out of my way and farm some lone coins from Goombas at
the end.

And very luckily, the very last backup Goomba that I had available gave
me the 100<sup>th</sup> coin and with that the star.

LLL

After BOB, I moved on to the arguably hardest star of the entire run.
LLL 100. I steeled my mind, expecting to grind this star alone for 1 or
2 hours. Then, I started the first attempt.

First, I cleared the red coin section in time to get the coins from the
puzzle completion.

Then comes the blue coin RNG from the eyeball. It is around a 50% chance
to reset the star here because the coin flies away.

Coins under the bridge, perfect.

Bully Platform 1, with the new dodge strat that avoids fighting the
bullies, flawless.

Box Jump to the second bully platform, and this one is the incredibly
much harder one: somehow survived.

Next up I need to get 8 coins from the eyeball with incredibly precise
movement. Nailed it.

Then the scary big bully fight. Absolutely no problem.

With that, we slowly go into the Vulcano and this is the point, where
things went really wrong really fast. This particular bully here is
supposed to die with this setup I perform here, but instead, I hit a
very unfortunate frame in which he sticks out the most from the platform
and hits me instead. This is incredibly rare; I would say a 1 in 30
chance. That confuses me quite a lot and I start thinking what the hell
just happened and how I can possibly relocate myself. I return to the
corner and redo my setup, but I get instantly hit by the bully again who
tries to get back to his original position. And that is where I get
really confused, because in theory that should only happen if I get
knocked onto the upper platform. In reality though, the bully fell down
onto the lower platform and blocked the position I need to take for my
setup. The only possible thing I could imagine, is that I am in fact on
the upper platform and the bully just targets me when I am not in the
corner. The problem was that I did not know how many coins I can skip at
this point, and there were 2 coins on the platform that I normally
should get. But when I decide to just skip them, I hear the fake wall
crushing down and immediately realize my position again. So, I went
back, grabbed at least one of the two coins and proceeded my way into
victory, as I perfectly spawned the 100 coin star on the next coin row.
That was a first try LLL 100, something you will probably not see any
more for a very, very long time.

After LLL, I tackle HMC. Here are again quite a lot of easy stars, and
then a very difficult HMC 100 coins + reds.

HMC 100 features probably the hardest blue coin switch in the entire
game. It involves a very particular camera setup and then a very
specific pseudo beatcount with pausebuffers to avoid the mole. After
that, I grab all the red coins with the new 100% lock cam setup and
proceed into the basement with the elevator clip, in order to grab the
last few coins. And here comes probably the craziest backup in the
entire run. I accidently miscount 1 beat and land way further on the
platform than I should. The good thing is, that I instantly notice my
mistake and its influence on my positioning. Knowing what went wrong, I
could at least attempt to fix my position. The problem: during the
repositioning I accidently slide down into the water... And from here on
it gets really messy. I did now want to reset at this point because I
knew I should already be very close to 100 coins. I usually spawn it in
the next room from here on. But I never failed this way and had to
completely improvise. In my head, I thought I can maybe swim to the edge
of the water and then reposition my camera along the wall, basically
like in DDD, so I can potentially run a circle until I reach the part
that is open. What I did not know is that you actually cannot stand on
the seam between wall and water. It was incredibly lucky that I somehow
ended up at the platform with the switch and then just performed my
plan. I go into CUP mode, turn a bit left, lock the camera and just
running straight forward. I still cannot believe that this actually
worked and that I then so easily found the elevator. After that, my
camera and position was obviously completely wrong too for the next
room, but I just had to scan along the walls until I found the door and
that’s it. First try HMC 100 with an amazing backup\!

During Metal Cap Reds, I encountered a very rare camera bug that I have
never seen before at the very end before the last few coins. Usually,
the camera should stay locked in place and align me with the next
underwater coins, but for some reason it decided not to. In the second
attempt, it worked as planned though.

We then get the Vanish Cap and of course try the stylish „Siglemic“
trick... Without any success unfortunately.

Next up was BBH. A very easy stage for once in the midst of the
craziness that is basement. The only interesting star is 100 coins,
which I combine with Merry Go Round, but even that is mostly just an
extended red coins with some more coins.

Interesting was this backup of the roof star. I missed the longjump onto
the roof and just improvised with some kicks and a jump and perfectly
manage to catch the star. Might not look very special, but that was peak
blindfolded backuping.

Then we start the overall hardest stage in the run: DDD. Same as BOB, we
need to split this stage into 2 parts, due to Firesea removing the
submarine from the main area. We first only get the cap and the
submarine star.

Firesea Reds is the hardest of the 3 Bowser Stages, as it involves very
tight music cycles to catch the platforms and to cross the lava field on
the upper floor. After some failed lava boost attempts,

I finally get up onto the elevator, catch the next platform cycle, and
then nail the rest of the stage too.

And that is when the real pain that is DDD Manta Ray begins. It is an
incredibly precise star combined with broken hitboxes of the rings that
you need to swim through. At first, I miscounted my angle quite a few
times, and every retry means dying and reentering. It took me a total of
2 game overs, around 25 tries and a total of 15 minutes to finally get
safely through the rings and collect the star.

There is no time to breathe though, as DDD Chests is also an incredibly
precise star. It involves some crazy tech with normalizing on the seam
between water and the walls with neutral slope jump dives and very
calculated camera manipulation. This star alone took me around 10
minutes.

And then the probably second or third hardest star of the run: DDD 100.
During this star, you need to collect almost every single coin of the
stage. You have a total of 5 coins that you are allowed to miss. And
unfortunately, I missed quite a lot right at the beginning. That’s why I
had to pause for a second, and count every single coin in the stage,
because I was not sure anymore if it was 4 or 5 coins that you can miss.
After that, there was the infamous pole RNG, since the pole cycles only
align 2/3 times for a safe re-grab. I got really unlucky twice in a row
and fell down, but after some more backups it worked out too. The rest
of the coins went very smooth. Yet again another first try completion of
an extremely hard star.

Then things went downhill quite a bit. During SSL 100, which is also in
the top 5 hardest stars,

I had a very good first attempt, but then it died due to a very
unfortunate controller notch mistake right before entering the pyramid.
The controller did not input straight to the left, so my position after
the box was off. After that, it took me around 40 more minutes to
finally get this star. Since we pair SSL 100 together with Secrets, I
still had to grab the SSL Reds star separately. For that I had a new
strategy for the second to last red coin, but unfortunately, the
strategy did not quite work out as I had planned. Because of that, I had
to do a 300 IQ backup all the way back to the pyramid while grabbing the
coin, then reset my stored flying angle at the oasis, and then take
another backup route with the canon to the star spawn location.

Next was WDW. This stage is actually considered one of the easier ones,
but due to the „tunnel of doom“, a section during 100 coins in which you
have to perfectly do an angle change underwater and swim to the downtown
area, I died a couple of times with 75 or more coins. The rest of the
stage went quite smooth with the exception of some minor mistakes.

Then comes THI, a stage that contains many, many horrible stars. First
of all, 100 coins is heavily random due to the positioning of the big
Goombas in the stage. I managed just fine with the recent reroute that
pairs this star with Wiggler and takes a bit of a longer route around
the island for some more safety coins. It all worked out rather well.
Another first try 100 coin star. Then there was still the one and only
„Koopa the Quick Rematch“. This star was the reason I had to give up
the second run attempt at 102 stars after 11 hours of gameplay. This
time, it all seemed hopeless again, as in the first attempt RNG struck
me and a Goomba blocked the way before I could even attempt my
beatcount. The second attempt though, went much better. We got safely
past the RNG Goombas, and not a single RNG ball hit us. Just as
practiced, we grab the star after only 2 attempts. As a fun fact, I was
told that, without the stage entry times in which I once got lost and
had to reset, this run actually beat the current THI Stage RTA World
Record. Pretty cool if you ask me\!

TTM was up next, and once again, I had an amazing 100 coin star. TTM has
a special feature in which you can respawn inside the slide after you
make it once there. This is very useful for 100 coins since the majority
of coins as well as the hardest part of the star lies in the slide. The
first slide attempt unfortunately failed because its extremely precise
to count. The second attempt though made it out of the slide in one
piece, then proceeded swiftly to the crazy box, the mushrooms of death,
in fact everything until the climb went quite smooth. Then, there was I
believe the first and only big memory loss mistake in the entire run. I
just for the life of me could not remember how the geometry and the
setup for this climb was. Left in the dark, I tried some backup ideas
and somehow, with more luck than reason, made it back to my original
route. From there on it was only seconds until I managed to finally grab
the star.

And with that, we have also already reached SL. In practice, SL 100 was
never that much of a problem, but during this run, it just absolutely
destroyed me. For reference, this is the most RNG heavy star in the
entire run, as we collect most of the coins needed from enemies that
drop the coins kind of randomly. I had 2 brutal deaths with 78 and 97
coins. After an entire hour and 5 minutes of attempts, I finally managed
to grab the 100 coin star in this stage. Unfortunately, I missed the
shell red coin, which you only have one try to grab, so I still need to
spend another 15 minutes to redo the red coin star separately.

The last part of the run was approaching, and with that the infamous
Mario Wings Over The Rainbow Stage. People always ask me how this star
is possible blindfolded. The answer is extremely precise beatcounting,
especially for the final red coin. After one little mishappening in the
beginning before even getting an attempt going, I nailed all the precise
flight beatcounts, successfully pulled of the new lock cam strats which
allow for a much easier reentering of the cannon, and then proceed to
the last flight, which is equivalent to a 1-2 frame trick, as the angle
changes you have to perform are so incredibly precise.

And with that I got ,yet again, one of the hardest stars in the game
basically first try.

Rainbow Ride featured some highlights like a perfect „Bubzia Cycle“, a
second try carpet ride, which is by the way the longest beatcount in the
entire run featuring a beat sequence of approximately 130 beats, and
decent other stars as well. 100 coins gave me some trouble in both RNG
like the lakitu only dropping 1 coin onto me and own mistakes like
missing the wallkicks for the blue coins once, but besides that went
through quite smoothly.

The final stage in Tippy, TTC, also went quite well besides the 100 coin
star. I dont know if it was tiredness or yet again an instance of the so
called YEP clock, but I started to have a little meltdown during 100
coins because of bonks I have never experienced before, camera angles
that should not happen like that, and many many more silly things. After
a short while and the incredibly scary jump of life and death with 94
coins, I managed to grab the 100 coin star safely and combine it
instantly with the Thwomp star as well.

Now, I got asked quite often, why I went to BITS to get the red coin
star right after TTC, even though I still have some other stars left.
The answer is, that I need to check if I really have 120 stars with the
open cannon in the courtyard, because it already happened quite often
that I randomly forgot one star during one of my runs. And for that you
have to get BITS reds anyways and quit out. After some initial trouble
with misremembering an audio cue for the elevators, I also managed to
grab that star without big problems.

From here, we only had 9 stars left. The secret Aquarium was one of
them. How we get this star blindfolded is basically a precise angle turn
in the beginning, and then beatcounting our way to get the first 4 red
coins in one go. The remaining 4 reds can actually be normalized with
holding the upright notch from the corners. This star took around 10
retries.

With that, I entered the last stage: JRB. And wow it was an amazing
completion of this stage. First of all, I managed to open all the chests
inside the ship first try, which is incredibly difficult and one of the
hardest swimming sections in the entire run. Then after grabbing some
easier stars like the Jetstream and the Chests in the cave, I tried a
new strategy for the Eel Star which I have only routed a few days prior
to the run. And it worked beautifully like a charm. Also, the pretty
inconsistent MLG 360 noscope cannonshot to the pillar worked first try.

And then 100 coins + reds came up. And while quite slow, we managed to
get coin by coin, back up some crazy swimming mistakes, getting closer
to the 100, and then finally spawning the star and grabbing it. In fact,
I somehow managed to collect EVERY SINGLE coin in the entire stage. Not
a single miss.

With 119 stars, we entered the dreaded Wingcap Reds. The hardest star in
the entire run. I prepared mentally, and began my first attempt.

Incredibly close. By some kind of universal luck and skill boost, I
somehow was incredibly good at flying that day. Attempt after attempt
was incredibly close to grab the hard red coins number 5 and 6.

And then, after only 7 attempts and a total of 18 minutes of gameplay, I
managed to grab all 6 red coins in the air and land safely on the
platform. For reference, this star took around 1 hour and 20 minutes
alone in the first run attempt, and during my practice run WITH
savestates, it took me almost an hour too. All that was left is to set
up my position on the switch, and fly for the last 2 remaining coins.
But in exactly that moment, I made a horrible mistake. I accidently
triple jumped and started a flight sequence instead of grabbing the
button for normalization. I noticed it instantly and goundpounded to
save my position, but the real issue was, that every flight sequence
overwrites your stored flying angle. And I have ever only tested this
strat with the stored angle from after the 6<sup>th</sup> coin. With no
other choice but to just go for it, I renormalized by re-finding the
box, set myself up, and started the flight.

Magically, it still worked even with the wrongly stored angle. I landed
just in front of the star due to an early beatcount and nerves, but of
course I had a normalization backup in my sleeve, and after some more
slowwalking, the moment finally came.

The worlds first collection of all 120 stars while blindfolded.

To confirm that I have actually all the stars in my route, I had to now
reset my console and check if the cannon in the courtyard is open. As I
ledgegrabbed the canon, a wave of relief from all the worries, all the
physical and mental exhaustion came over me, and with newly found
strength I entered the final bowser stage once and for all.

But then, just as I was about to speed through the stage, this one
Goomba just said „NOPE“. And knocked me down again from the very top.
Thanks to some buggy collision, I somehow landed still on the upper
platform before the elevators. Unfortunately, I only know a few certain
music cues for the cycles of that elevator. But not all hope is lost.

The legendary elevator skip done live in the world’s first blindfolded
120 star run.

All that was left after that was the last bowser fight. This fight is
very infamous for its last blindfolded throw which is basically frame
perfect.

I get the first hit without problem, and also the second one comes
flawlessly. Following my audio setup, I successfully grab Bowsers tail.
And then... I start spinning.

The rest, ladies and gentlemen, is history…
