This document will record all the strats used in the Metal Gear Solid 3
- Snake Eater SingleSegment Blindfolded Speedrun. By Bubzia.

# Abbreviations

U,D,L,R = directions up, down, left, right on the analog stick,
combination like UR = upright possible

Pad + Direction = directions on Dpad

Direction + W = direction until wall (push against wall)

TB = Textbox (Y in calls)

LD = Lie down/get up (hold A)

B + Direction = Dpad buffered direction

# Splits 

## Ocelot

**Prologue (pills on LT 3down A)**

4skip, TB

6L,9UW,RT a bit,LD, 4U, LD, PadU a bit into UW, Y for tree, 2sR into Y
into call

TB,skip (auto equipped Mk22)

3U,2L, U into loading

17-20U, 5LW,25U/UW (if UW check if wood, if yes then PadR tap UW into
check nothing), PadD tap, 6Rroll, 3U roll, U2x roll, U with UR taps into
loading //7xUroll

Skip,TB

7UW, 2L,4U, auto headshot, 20U, try autoheadshot or 2-3hits normal,
15-16U,10R,U into loading with roll

//try to be fast so you skip the walk cycle of 3rd guard

//pill restart if caught (12-13 BUR,UW, L2 into L3 neutral 6punch)

skip

11punch, R into slide,Autoheadshot,if fast, else just 2-3hit kill,
12-13BUroll till wall over bridge(get up if needed around at 5-7), LW,
UWLW alternates (might with roll) into loading

Skip TB

Autoheadshot

PadUW,L2L3,UW,2RTL3,kill him,UW,RTL3,BU13,20R,UW,2RB, wait for footsteps
to end, L3, kill him (2shots), UW,RTL3, BUroll, UW,LW,Y,L till fall,
Uroll till wood sound,R a bit into DW,RW, 2U,BRroll, U into cutscene

3skip, TB, skip, TB

L till enemy walk, DW,RW,3L,Droll, 11L, DW into DRtaps D into cutscene

4skip, TB

Start,

CURE MENU: A,RT,downA,downA,2downA,downA,RT,A,UpA,2UpA,upA,RT, repeat
from down,2up,RT,repeat from up,RT,downA,downA,RT,A,downA

**Ocelot Unit**

4skip, downA (no), 6skip, TB

2R,24UW (righttap for tree),6L,7UW UL into loading

12U, 4Lroll LW, 2R,4U, L into loading (horsesound)

Skip TB

Instant UW wait for “huh”, 3sPadL, 4sPadU, 25U, 13R, Urolls into loading

12-13 BUR,UW, L2,neutral,1sPadL,1sPadU, 6punch R into slide, 12-13BUroll
till wall over bridge(get up if needed around at 5-7), LW, UWLW
alternates (might with roll) into loading

11LW,R, 37-40UW (if earlier go UR/UL),RW UW RW corner,2D roll,RW,BUroll
UW,9punches, R 9stair steps, PadUW,LW,3sPadD, LW U into AK47, UW,RW,Y,
wait for explosion,RW after falldown (check if box sound, if not D RW),
Uroll,UW,RW,UW,RW,2sPadU,LW,Y,LW,Y,PadU into box,padD till falldown, 2D
roll, Rroll RW, check UW corner and boxsound, UL on wall, Y U into door,
D into cutscene

2skip,TB down A, 2skip

Oceclot Unit:

1s(3steps) PadL, PadDTap, stun grenade RT 1 up,crouch, RB, wait for door
sound into quick throw,

A, 8punch, D, R roll out of window into 1-2 pistol kill, LW, upleft mash
Y for ladder, kill last one there

If not last, R roll down again, D into spot into DR lock kill

Skip

RW,RT, lie down, 4sounds right, U a bit, RW, UW, LT, point gun, PadU
into insectoid, UW,RW UR into loading

UW,25LW,

MENU: down x (backpack),x(weapon),x(deequip survival knife), down
x(mk22),downdownx (ak47), 3down x (mic), B, left x(item),2down, x 4(down
x), downdown x, down x down x

// pills 2 up here

LT, up, use, up box dequip

15 swims U, 10 swims left, hold X neutral into mash till land, R till
water entrance again, U into grenades, U into call

# Notes 

  - > Buffer all direction inputs.

  - > Try to roll into loadings

  - > Always know where your fake death pills are for room resets/alert
    > resets

  - > Auto headshot: hold X, LB,RB,LTRT,release

  - > In general, number + direction will mean step sounds or crouch
    > step sounds

  - > Menus: Main menu uses preset system until you leave an area

  - > Before the run: normal camera, newgame, diffictuly easy

<!-- end list -->

  - > Started 15102018, 1 week break right away(more like 2 weeks now)
