This document will record all the strats used in the Undertale - TPE
Glitchless Blindfolded Speedrun. By Bubzia.

Select name, one character for speed

# Splits

## Ruins

Instantly hold 2R,2DR,6UR into flowey

Mash till fight UL till hit

After hit DL mash till hit

Continue mash

4U,6UL,RD mash till save

3UL,4UR into mash

3U,UL till mash

3R(wall),6UR into Uwall, LU taps mash till text for switch

3Rwall, 3DR,3UR mash into switch sound mash

3R, 4DR into mash

4UR,1D,R mash till fight

**Dummy:**

Act,Dummy,1R(talk) mash into win

Mash TBs

UL into mash

7UR,6DR (encounter froggit)

**Froggit 1 (forced):**

mercy,flee(1D)

6DR, RU mash into guide cutscene, mash

R mash, R mash again till music stop (around 50+beats)

R(5) till mash cell phone

In the next 3 rooms: 6G total, + safety spare probably(dont flee, just
spare everything, else too risky)

  - > Froggit: 1D,Threat, then Spare. Rewards 2G. (If you get the
    > leaping frog attack, run into the frog to end the turn.)

  - > Whimsun: 1D, Terrorize, then Spare. Rewards 2G.

  - > Moldsmall: Flirt or Imitate, then Spare. Rewards 1G.

  - > **1D setup for all enemies, only RNG if 1G or 2G**

1D,6R,DR mash for save

1URunstuck, 12DR till fall sound (dont forget to farm one encounter with
D instead of DR)

  - > If encounter farm with D, UR into fall sound instead of DR

U after fall into wallhump for encounter

(dont forget to farm encounter in this room too)

11UR into call, mash, 2UR into call again mash, 2ULcorner

Precise: 2D,4.5Rrock, \!\!\! listen super closely, there is a really
silent audio cue for spikes going down

1U,4UR into call mash, 3UR,3DRtransition

**FloorRoom:**

8Rwall,5Dwall,2R,4Uwall,2R,4D,2DR,3UR next room

**3StoneRoom:** (encounter unavoidable, spare accordingly)

  - > If you encounter a double or triple moldsmall, you only need to
    > ACT on one of them and then you can spare all of them.

<!-- end list -->

  - > If you encounter a Froggit + Whimsun, you need to ACT on the
    > froggit and then you can spare both of them.

  - > If you get a double Froggit (which is the worst RNG), you have to
    > ACT on both of them before you can spare.

  - > **Try to spare with 1D setup, if it doesnt work act on second
    > enemy again (2froggit case)**

3DR,3DLcorner,1U (full), 4R into mash TBs //if you miss repeat from
DRcorner

5R,0.5Dtap,L mash till infinite, cancel

3R,4URcorner, 6DR mash for save

2U,9R mash for Napstablock

**Napstablock:**

Act, napsta, DR(cheer)

Atk1: L

Act, napsta, DR(cheer)

Atk1: wait

Act, napsta, DR(cheer)

Atk1: wait

Act, napsta, DR(cheer) end

4R,4UR mash into spider donut (need 7G)

3DL,3UL,URtill cell mash

3UR,DR into fall

1D,Lmash till ribbon, 3.5-4UR into NEUTRAL\!\!\!

6.5UR, D into fall, Umash into switch sound

3UR into NEUTRAL

6UR, 6DRstuck,2UR,2DR,6Dwall

2DR,2LR mash for switch sound // can press switch 2times without worries

2DR,3DL,3ULcorner, 11DR, U mash for switch sound

4R,3U,11UL,1R,D mash into switch sound

5R,4DR,15UR, 3UL mash

10UL, 2.5D, Rmash for save

1U,3UR mash, 4UR, 3DR mash

3URcorner (your room), 2UL,2UR mash for bed, continue mashing till pie

3DR, 3DL,7-8L,UL mash for toriel

Mash a bit for first option, then mash into second (RUINS)

4Rwall,4DL(not to far else outside),4UR,2UL,Ltap,1Dunstuck, 4L, 4DRmusic
change

URmash till fight

**Toriel:**

Spare all the time, L into U in dodging(just buffer L into U and mash
through the whole fight) till music start /fight over

U mash till flowey

Just continue U mash into Undertale LOGO sound

## Snowdin

During logo holdR till sans steps, mash till music end last TB

DR till mash till music

UR mash for save

5.5R,1U,

**BOX:** yxy,yyy (all item inside), R, y (tough glovex),x finish

**MENU:** C, y(item),y(tough glove),y(use),y to exit

DR till mash till music (flee encounter)

6UR into call mash till music

12R into mash into doggo fight (flee encounter)

**Doggo: (30g)**

Turn1: item,y(stick; first one)

Dodge: dont move

Turn2: spare

Mash, 20R into mash holdR till second shock

Neutral,Ushock,neutral,Rshock,neutral,D2s, R into mash till music

1.5R,4UR, Utap, 3yx, wait 2beats, 9yx // buys two nice creams for 30g

Dtap,4R,8DRstuck,3D,5R into mash

Rhold into mash till music

2R,4DR,Ltap Umash for save

8R,5UR, D mash for switch (flee encounter)

,4UL,8DL,6DR,UR into mash into fight

**Dogamy\&Dogaressa: (40g)**

Turn1: item,y(stick; first one)

Dodge: dont move (2hits) //heart atk doesnt dmg, axe 2hits

Turn2: spare

Mash after fight

8D,2UR,URtaps until activation sound

3DL,6DR into mash,

2DR,2UL,ULtaps until activation sound,

3UR,4L into switch sound, 6R,5UR,Rmash into switch,Rhold till mash

2DR into activate sound, mash

2R,8UR,2DR,R into mash

Just mash with Rmash and if it fails just watch the cutscene

0.5D, 7R, 9DR,0.5U,L mash for save

//Puzzle:

4R,2UR, UR taps till actication sound //always wait for activation
sounds here

1R, DLtaps (slowly), Ltaps, Dtaps,DLtaps,1R,ULtaps, 0.5U, 0.5L,DRtaps, R
into finish

Wait for cutscene, 17R

3D, 6R, 3U, 4DR, 2UR into fight:

**Greater Dog: (40g)**

Turn1: items-Stick(first)

Dodge1: hold D

Turn2: spare

Wait for cutscene till music

6R, 11UR into mash till music

20R (hold) Rmash for save

UL into **SHOP**: buy(y),D(manly Bandanna), yy confirm (sound),
2D(cinnamon bun),yy confirm (sound), x U x for exit //**5g left**

//50g manly banndana

// shop has: 25g 22hp \!\!\! TODO check asgore

Rmash into save again

2D, 2UR,Utap, Rtap into box

**BOX:** y(x), y,3D(manly bandanna),y,x for exit

2D,2R,3UR into tunnel (sound cue)

20R mash into fight

**Papyrus:**

Turn1: items-stick (first) //only first encounter

Second encounter: spare

Dodge1: DRhold 1hit, Lhold 1hit

Repeat 3 times

Mash till talk over

3L,5D(music),20R into fight again x2

At the 4th time: just R no mash, 6TP\!, wait for text to spawn with x,
R,y for “no”

Mash till music gone

Lmash till dialogue, mash till guide / mash till door sound

2UR,2UL,3DL, Umash for door mash

ULmash for talk into fight/date

Instantly mash C then mash text till inspect sound,

3-3.5U (full), mash till music end

## Waterfall

5D(music),2R,2UR,30DR,4UR

21DR(music),1U,1R,URmash for save //can get stuck here

2D,11.5R into Umash (no waterstep sounds anymore)

Mash for **Old Tutu** //space 6/8

D till watersound,R till wall then DR into undyne cutscene

//backup falldown: UL into music R repeat

Mash cutscene URhold mash again till music end URhold

Mash again talk (music start), URhold mash for save

1D,10R, 4UL, 2Rmash for flower1, 4DR,Rtap y(place flower) //watch out no
audio cue

4UL mash y, repeat for all flowers // twice 4UL mash to pick up, once
5DR mash y

7-8R till encounter, flee

1R,Dtap,8R,

Flower1: 4U (full), 5L mash y for pickup, 2DL, Utap y place it // no
audio cue

Flower2: 3R, Utap mash y till pickup, 3L,2DL,Utap y place it

Flower3: 3R, Dtap mash y till pickup, 3L,2DL,Utap y place it

Flower4: 4R, 1D mash y till pickup,4L,4UL,Utap, y place it

5UR,5L,5DL,3UL into call

Mash into 5UL, 6R,2U,4R,2D,5R,7U,16URmash for door //flee random
encounters

24DR into undyne escape: start beatcount on 1st beat after undyne
cutscene

**Undyne Chase1:**

10DR,4UR,6DR,4UR,6DR,4UR,4DR,4UR, 20DR //if hit, wait out the fight
beats and continue

Cutscene, Rmash(music), R into roomreset,1U,2UR,Rmash for save

2D //TODO check **BOX** stick and old tutu put inside

32DR,10DL,Rmash for call // there is a fixed encounter here

4R,4UR,10DR,12U,13UL(music stops) //flee from encounters; check unlucky
hallway with music playing

Rmash text, 12R after last textbox,2DR into fight:Flee

4DR, 4UR,35R (when it starts raining, UR) into mash text

22R into mash, 4R,18D into mash, 8D, 2R into mash

R into castle music, RUD for speed till rain again, 4beats into corner

2D,4R, URmash for talk, Rmash till save

2D,19DR into undyne escape2: hold DR count from 1st beat

//wait with counting infight //can take 6hits

**Undyne spear chase:**

bufferUR,12DR on spawn, 5UL,8R,5DL,6R,3UR,6R,5DL,3UR,11D,20DL
(1alternate),

21DR (4alternates UR/DR),4UR, 18DR (alternate DR/UR)

After 3rd spear Lhold into mash till water sounds

R till loading zone sound delay, Utap Rmash for save

1D //for next room count water steps

3R,12UR,4L,7U,4UR //cooler

10TB mash for 2 astronaut food

4L,8UR into mad dummy mash

**Mad Dummy: BIG TODO: buy heal items (as much as possible, heal through
phase5-7)**

Player Turn: spare only

Phase1(mid, 1dmg atks): 1TB, 6waves: U,U,U, dodge 3 then middle:
10UR,11U TODO

// take **up to 4hits** no problem

Try2: 3R,6L,1R,1UR, 1UL, 2U // 17-19hp, \~290

4TB

Phase2(mid): 6waves again, U,L,R,Dy

Turn2: 3R,2.5L,4R,1UL,6U,R //1-2hit; 10-15hp left //TODO check 6U

// needs \<270? TODO; hits a lot 268, rng dependent 0-2hits

Phase3(moving sideways): U,D,D //rng dependent how he moves in menu time

Turn3: 4.5U,2D, 1R,1UR,1U,2UL,1U,L into dmg boost //neutral at
beginning, easier to dodge U

//TODO maybe dmg boost1 to 15hp

Heal with NiceCream items-1R,y 1TB

Phase4(sideways, fast): D,D,D (L,R dodges possible) //no dmg need for
next phase

Turn4: 3R,3L,3R //works, but doesnt hit much 2-3 hits maybe RNG hits

Phase5(sideways into stop): falling heads into D // 1head, 2head, 3head,
crossheads, 1head, probably on repeat TODO check; rng spawns, but mostly
neutral dodges

Turn5(1head): 5neutral,3UL/UR, dodge //stopped left UL would be the way
//rng spawns

Turn6(2head): 6neutral,3UR/UL, dodge//rng spawns

Turn7(3head): 7neutral,3UR/UL, dodge //rng spawns

Turn8(crosshead): 8neutral, 3UR/UL

//U, UL, UR is random, one hits. Heal with second nice cream if
necessary after 3 hits

//DL/DR to dodge incoming attack TODO beatcount

//starting position beat count TODO

PHASE 2(Rockets): on \<190? TODO TBs after attacks //easier then phase1

Turn1: 5U,1R,1D,1L,1U,R // spawn D

Turn2:

Notes:

  - > most hits do 5dmg, turn1: 1dmg

  - > Might use astronaut food

  - > Attack spawns are random :TODO maybe directions are not random at
    > least

  - 
## Asgore

\!\!\!Dagger + Locket\!\!\!

//Turn1atk: just R after beats (precise), 10.5normal,

//Dodge1atk: TODO

Talk route:

Turn1talk: 2TB, setup

Dodge1talk(handflames): 4.5 beats into R

Turn2talk: 2TB, setup

Dodge2talk(spiralbulllet): RANDOM\! 5dmg on hit,

Just U 0-2 hits, if 2hits, turn 3 is 100% survivable\!\!\!

Turn3talk: 3TB(debuff),setup

Dodge3talk(sidebullet): RANDOM\!

Just D till 1hit,then U (if 10hp left, you can tank 3hits)

0-3hits possible

Turn4pie: items- pie TODO location, 3TB

Turn4dodge(swing): RANDOM\!

Just neutral: 1hits max, 3dmg on hit //iframes on second hit

//in case of two blue atks: no dmg ; always 17HP or 20HP

1hit

Turn5atk(hands4dir): 3hit(full),11U,13D,16U

0-3hits //0 very unlikely, 3dmg on hit ;

<span class="underline">3hits on dont do anything</span>

worst case 3hits: 8hp

2hits: 11hp

Turn6atk(circle): 3hit, 12R,14L \!\!\!

2hits fixed, 6dmg ; always survive with at least 2hp/5hp; no way we can
die

1-2hits

Turn7(touhou): RANDOM\!

1hit is survivable

12L X

9-10DL,14R,UR //might 1hit TODO beatcount off

0-2hits

Turn8(3swings):

1fixed atk, with dmg boost, always survive, even with 1hit turn7

1hit

Turn9heal/atk(spiralbullet2):

0-2hit

<span class="underline">No move 0 hit possibility</span>

DL , after 1nd hit U 0-2fixed \!\!\!\!

Turn10(hands4dir):

3hit(full),11U,13D,16U

0-3hits //0 very unlikely, 3dmg on hit ;

<span class="underline">3hits on dont do anything</span>

turn11(circle2fast): fixed 3hit, lucky 2hits

3hit, 11R,13L, 16R

2-3hits

turn12(swings): 1fixedhit

Dont move

1hit

turn13:(touhou)

0-2hits

turn14:(sidebullets)

0-3hits

Turn 15(circle3): 3hit, 12R,14L

2hits FIXED

Turn16(swings)

1hit fixed

Turn 17(4handsdir): //TODO item eat setup for hands and other attacks

3hit(full),11U,13D,16U

0-3hits //0 very unlikely, 3dmg on hit ;

<span class="underline">3hits on dont do anything</span>

turn18(cirlce2fast):

fixed 3hit, lucky 2hits

3hit, 11R,13L, 16R

2-3hits

turn19(touhou):

0-2hits

RANDOM AFTER 19\!\!\!\!\!\!\!\!\!\!\!\!\!\!\!\!\!\!\!\!\!\!

turn20(swings):

1hit

turn21(hands4dir):

0-3hits

turn22(circle) ????????? sidebullets????

**FIGHT STRAT:**

**Turn1-3: talk**

**Turn4: pie**

**turn5+:**

**if(5hp && nextAttack 3hits) then junk food**

**if(2hp && nextAttack 2hits) then astronaut food**

**if(1hp) then astronaut food**

**if(astronaut food is needed but not available) then junk food vice
versa**

**EVERY single other case atk, dont heal**

//TODO:

  - > Check healing items, how much does junk food 17HP /astronaut max
    > heal

<!-- end list -->

  - > Patterns etc.

  - > 2hp survival, 1hp barrier

  - > Pie delayed for full heal + debuff // probably a good idea

  - > Dodge attacks without clear start: he attacks instantly after
    > yours
    
      - > You can count it from start fight attack: -\> longer values,
        > easier with knife

  - > Dodge1(Locket): 5dmg without debuff, 4dmg with 1 debuff, 3dmg with
    > 2debuff

  - > DmgValues: 100++ - 160perfect

4 heal = not possible RIP , 2astro, 2junk

7heals: 2astro, 5junk foods POOOOOOOSSSSSIBLE \!\!\!\!\!

## Omega Flowey

TODO all the other phases

LastPhase: //127bpm

  - > stay on the fight button as much as possible

  - > Collect **all** heal items //random , dont miss much

  - > Dodge as many attacks as possible

  - > // wave + diag until hp barrier then all atks ; can be reached
    > with no input

  - > HP Barrier 1: 13-14hits

  - > Phase1: wave/diag

  - > Phase2: all atks + speed up

  - > Start: 1L, then 2R/2L alternation

**Torpedos: fight U and then back down**

Fire: L/R if hit, wait for one beat cycle cause //4 fires always, can
dodge 3 if first one hits

Bugs: L/R stay on fight

Petals: L/R stay on fight

Balls: L/R stay on fight

Vines: L/R longer till atk is over // horizontally be on fight

Rings: U into D after 1-2 then L/R on fight // dont miss the fight
button when going U

# TODO

  - > TODO: check if enter and shift are mappable to other buttons

  - > Nice cream 15g snowdin, or 25g waterfall(15g with umbrella), heals
    > 15hp
    
      - > When do we buy it? Snowdin? Inventory Space? Waterfall?

  - > Can you heal in undyne escape?

  - > Big route change with dimensional box item management

<!-- end list -->

  - 
# Notes

  - > Save: y xy xy y y for save (buffered TBs)

  - > Always buffer textboxes with xy

  - > Always go neutral on mashing if not otherwise stated

  - > Random encounters can easily mess up your beat counting: be
    > careful and always remember last beat+position

  - > Battle menus remember the last position : fight, act, item,
    > mercy\!\!\!

  - > Shoutouts to
    > [<span class="underline">https://docs.google.com/document/d/1xpme6tf8o7xUPPBbxUx4n-h3qIekZ6dLJN1u2rq6d3I/pub</span>](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1xpme6tf8o7xUPPBbxUx4n-h3qIekZ6dLJN1u2rq6d3I/pub)

  - > Started 12032019
