This document will record all the strats used in the Wario Land 2 - any%
Glitchless Speedrun. By Bubzia.

DJ = dash jump (normalized)

DS = dash slide (normalized)

GP = Groundpound

FJ = full jump

J = jump (mostly also used as FJ)

U,D,L,R for directions

N for neutral

NewGame

Cutscene till alarm clock1

## Lvl1

A on first level entrance screen, then NO inputs till second (lvl1 skip)

Mash B at end for stats

Cutscene mash AB till lvl2

## Lvl2

Room1:

2nd beat 4NDJ bonks into dmgboost, Rtaps Utaps into door ; else
improvise rightwall bonk lettap works too

Room2:

NDbonk, Ltap,NDbonk, NDS,5DRfall, 6DLfall, Rtap,2NDkill,Ltap, NDS, quick
Rtap NDS on landing, into U for door

Room3:

Try skip: instant URDJhold enemy jump into land, repeat into
screenwrap+J

2ND Ltap Uptaps into door

Backup: get back into door downleft and repeat, if drunk go to water UR
jumps

Room4:

mash D till bonk into R Utap door

Room5:

NDJ, wait till throw, NDJkill, 3GP, Ltap, delayed NDJ(1beat),Rtap,
2NDJbonk, Rwall normalize, Ltap, NDJ,FJ,NDJ,Rtap,NDJ,duck under throw,
Ltap,2NDJbonk,Rtap,NDJ,bonk(if kill bonk again),NDS,RtapUtap alternates
till door

Backup:repeat room

Room6:

NDS mash 2J after 2beats, Utap into exit

Backup: all the way left into Js till screenwrap

Mash AB till next lvl

## Lvl3

Room1:

2RD,R(normalized corner), DRbufferFJland, 2FJ,Ltap,NDbonk,wait till long
note audio cue //TODO vod

NDJ, UbufferFJUL, RJ(coins), audio cue //TODO vod, FJ(coins),
Ltap,NDbonk, audio cueNDJ,audiocueFJUbounce (get on platform), DholdFJ,
if stuck Ltaps till unstuck, into FJ screenwrap, else, DholdFJLtap, same

Rtap,DS,LtapsUtaps into door

RND,LND,Utap for door

3ND,Utap into door

Room2:

DSbonk, tiny bit delayed NDJ into
potkillsbonk,GP,RNDbonk,LNDbonk,LJ,LDS,LDbonk(all the way left),
Lcorner, RtapND, D,4.5quater into shortJ (break pots, hit
enemy),FJ,LFJ,RFJ,R,Utap into door

Room3:

try quick version: instant DS, into ND dmgboost, after screenwrap
thenRtap RDJ,RDtillbonk,Utap for door

Backup: all the way left repeat or NDbonk rightwall, NDJ bonk land hit,
4beats into NDJ after dmgboost (if ND is bonk success)

Room4:

DS,FJ,FJ(screenwrap),2FJ into no inputs till water,

URJ out hold R till fire, jump before fire sounds: 1-2,4-5,2,5, bit
delayed 0.5 mashed jump hold R till screenwrap

L till coin into R for last blocks, Utap into door

Room5: 1crush, NDS,1crush,NDS, 1crush, hold R total 8crush, RFJ till
screenwrap+1,

Musicreset into timed entrace //TODO vod (second sound)

Utap for door

Room6(TowerClimb):

NDbonk,NDJbonk,NDS,Ltap, NDJmash for 2jumpbonk // if fail: repeat

NDbonk, Rtap, UDJhitboost, timed FJkill //TODO vod

Ltap, SAVE

NDJ,R2FJ,L2FJ,R2FJ, (audio cue fails on jumps) Utap into door

Backup:reset into load

Room7:

L,3LFJ, L, 9FJ(3screenwraps),Rtap,ND,1crush,NDScrushed, hold right till
exit sounds(2nd coin), stop for water, NDbonk after normal,Utap into
exit

Mash B

## Lvl4

Room1:

4ND(2kill),2NDS,Utap into door

Room2:

RDs(kill) till bonk, NDJ,Ltap,NDS,Utap into door

Room3:

ND, wait for attack,NDkill,NDS,2ND, LtapUtap into door

Room4:

NDJbonk,2FJ, RD,SAVE, DRbuffered J,

Ultraquickkill: try 5enemysteps DR into D GP (can kill in one cycle),

Else try to find him, hit him with ND, and then J accordingly into GP

//or reset, which is probably faster anyways

mashB

## Lvl5

Room1:

As fast as possible: ND,NDJ,grab enemy, Bthrow,Rtap,wait till hit into
2FJ,Rfall,RDbonk Utap for door

Room2:

L2FJfall,alternates(get down there somehow, troll enemy, if you dont get
hit anymore while standing: (5falls, last R doublefall) Rtap,NDS, RND
one block, buffered DRJs for other 2blocks, then URFJ,RNDbonk, Utap into
door

Room3:

Ltap,NDJ, Drollbonk,Ltap,ND, Utap for door

Room4:

ND, hold R,NDbonk, UFJ, NDJbonk till coins, Ltap,ND till bonk, reset
music, Utap into door on cue (2nd sound) (SAVE for savety)

Room5:

3ND,FJ,ULFJ, FJ on cue //TODO vod grap enemy,Rtap Bthrow, DLbufferedFJ,
Ltaps till unstuck, 2FJ for blocks, JL into screenwrap,URJ/RtapNDJ, URJ
into RDbonk, RDS, Ltap,super slightly delayed NDS Utap into door

Room6:

R,RJ,NDblocks,ND,2Ltap, Utap into door

Room7:

NDS, 2FJ,R/RDS,DFJ,DRholdD till fire sound into release stun,ULFJ,
URJ,(FJ) into screenwrap

ULJ, try3FJ into screenwrap, else NDS into UFJs till screenwrap

Rtap,NDJblocks,NDbonk Utap into exit

mashB

## Lvl6(Final)

Room1:

NDS,NDJ,ND,NDJbonk,NDbonk,NDblock,RDbonk, Utap for door

Room2:

NDJ,ND,4URFJ,R till enemysounds (RDbonk),RJ into RDbonk, Utap into door

Room3:

3ND,UFJ,Ltap, timed: NDJ,instant LFJ on landing NDJ into screenwrap+
coins

LDbonk,FJ,Rtap, SAVE

NDS,timed J over bird, NDS, RFJ,NFJ over bird timed, (SAVE)

NDS, RFJ, wait for bird, jump over it and 2NDbonk Utap into door

Room4:

4ND, Utap into Boss

//if hit, all the way Lbonk Utap, L till screenwrap, Rbonk Utap into
repeat

Boss: 2ND start

Lwall,3sounds FJ, 5steps UFJ, wait 6-7steps, 5steps UFJ,

Wait till 2steps on slow before revive: mash the living hell of out ND
into 3hits for frame kill

Else safe: one ND into all the way left again into repeat strat; second
time with double hit into

8beats Hold right into grab,grab hold R, into UFJULBthrow hit

TIME

# Notes

  - > DS stop normalized at first fall down frame of ledges and walls

  - > You can quicksave load at any point with select U L Amash, resets
    > music

  - > You can reset music cycles with select U A continue

  - > [<span class="underline">https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TSTU2q5W2Zs</span>](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TSTU2q5W2Zs)
    > shoutouts to werster for reference

  -
