This document will record all the strats used in the Kingdom Hearts 3 -
any% Beginner Blindfolded Speedrun. Currently it is not possible due to
PotC ship race, but the strats can be used for World RTAs. By Bubzia.

# Before the game

Config:

Camera: manual

Combo cam: off

Keyblade cinematics: Basic

Link Cinematics: Off

Attraction Cinematics: Off

Situation commands: prioritize newer //this option seems broken, it does
not work properly

Graphics: defalut mode

New game: Beginner Mode, yes, ok (x for brightness), ok(x, timer start)

# Splits

## Tutorial

X after loading

Skip x3 (then non skippable wait) (all unskippable from here on)

Mash x after sounds hold up, x again into RC

Wait for cutscene

2LR,3UR mash RC into down,x for wisdom start

Wait for cutscene

2RR,3UR, mash RC into down,x for mystic start

Wait into down,x

Close tutorial circle mash

Fight: UR lockon mash

Skip

Fight(Darkside): 2UR 2block lockon switch hand mash, if no hits jump
into mash

up,xx for textboxes

skip x3

## Olymp

Wait for loading into x

Skip

//MENU:x(eq),down(donald),x,up(ether),square(remove),L2(sora),up(item
3),x,up(ether),x,triangle(auto) //TODO not really needed \>needs testing

2circle or reopen

MENU:1down(abilities),x,x(sora),d, xdxdxdx (4 deequips),5down,
xdxdx(3deequips) //TODO wallkicks still enabled, superslide not \>needs
testing

2circle or reopen

MENU: 3down(customize; 2from previous),x,down(shortcut set A),
x,x(circle),x(fire),down(triangle),x,down(water),x,down(square),x,up(ether),x

Start to close

UJ dash into skip (UR J dash I think)

Circle for tutorial

Fight: Lockon fire spam into lockon mash

close tutorial,

2UR,cutscene into tutorial, keep holding up wallrun, 2UR,

\>RR wall run, 7RR, 2DR wall run, mash square dash into skip x 2

Wait till tutorial, close with circle x2

6UR into skip (4UR dash)

Tutorial close

Fight: lockon water spam lockon mash (might get a MP refresh if bad
fight) //4 water hits on enemy

Skip

7UR,RR,4UR,RR (3UR,UR dash) skip

Fight: lockon water spam lockon mash ( get a MP refresh) //4 water hits
on enemy

Skip

Tutorial close

10beats up, 2beats left, up till end into UR square, till multiple
dashes (do dash swings after 5left)

6up, 5left, 15up, 1left, 3up into cutscene

Wait for camera

3UR,10LR(1-2dash),5DR,4LR,7UR,2RR,UR, URR dash into skip

Fight: lockon water spam lockon mash //4 water hits on enemy

Skip

3UR,J,3URs into cutscene go neutral till collapse, 5UR, 3LR, 10UR, 2LR,
neutral, hold up till enemy spawn(wall run)

hold right wall run into free fall, 7RR,5DR,5RR 5UR J, URs mash triangle
for RC (after around 5UR, else try left side)

Neutral till 3rd bonk, into up 4th bonk into up mash dash into 4UR J
dash

9-10UR,2LR,9UR,RR, 4UR dash into skip

Tutorial close x2

Fight: lockon water mash RC spam lockon mash

Skip

11UR(2dash), 4LR(1dash),2DR,4LR,(UR,LR) combo into skip

Tutorial close

Fight(big dude): up into lockon into alternate magic spam, when out of
MP use RCs for ship, few x into end, lockon kill rest // dont activate
ship in air

Skip

7UR dash into loading

### Mountain

4UR, RR R3, 4UR,LR,UR,UR, R3 wait for cam R3

11UR with J at 5

RR, J right into RC water cufflink (check if battle RCS first)

5LR,UR,LR,UR,LR,Uwallrun, URs(ULRs) till skip

Kill all enemies for normalized position

Skip

MENU:x(eq),x(sora),4D(accessories),xx(water cufflink)

4RR, UR, JR dash, 3UR ( 2 getup sounds), 2LR,2UR,2LR,2UR,LR,3UR hold up
walllrun mash 5URs (corner, fight starts)

2DR,RR,2DR,3RR,DR,hold down till wallrun ends into right get up, 2RR
into box corner,

JU dashswing, Rdash, 4RR,5DR,2RR, 4DR, 4RR into fight

Lockon kill everything for normalizer position

Skip

3UR hold up wallrun (2getups), 4UR(wallkick), 2LR,getup,LR, 7DR,LR,DR
hold down wall run, enemy spawn into instant neutral\!, JU dash into 2LR
(need to be fast), hold up wallrun, 2UR,RR,UR,LR,hold up wallrun with
lefttaps\!, 10UR, (ULJ) ,LJ, 5LR,5UR,2RR,3UR,6RR into skip

9UR Udash into skip

Hold up into skip

Hold up into skip

4UR,20LR,2UR hold up into wallrun, 5UR into enemy spawn,
2LR,DR,6LR,UR,4LR,3UR into skip

8UR,2RR,4UR,4RR R3, UR tap into run, hold up wallrun till lockon

Then lockon magics kill, if you get hit hold up and dash instantly else
you might fall down

After finished sound lockon to other leg and repeat

Skip

Hold up into lockon mash into air combos until RC mash R2,x into finish
after 20seconds

Skip

2RR,9UR mash RC for chest, LR, 13UR, 15RR, 10DR, 3RR into combo, 14RR
into skip

### Apex

Fight: water block, lockon water everything into RCs etc

25UR,5RR,9DR, 3x(2LR,2DR), 4LR,UR,2LR,2UR,4LR,5UR,2RR,UR mash into
wallkick slide / URs J left slide

5UR, 3RR,up into slide

R3, 9UR,4LR,3UR

Close tutorial

TODO click values

Shotlock, up down into square, R3, turnaround, R3

Shotlock, up down into square, R3, turnaround, R3,

Shotlock, up 2clicks, then slow right 1 click into square, R3, URs into
bossfight

TODO

## Twilight Town

TODO

## Toy Story

TODO

## Rapunzel

TODO

## Monster AG

TODO

## Frozen

TODO

## BigHero6

TODO

## Pirates of the Caribbean

First ship battle: dont move, spam shoot till 1 dead, then left kill
second

To test:

Reflect missles from ship

Special RC from little ones combo

Summons link

Rage form,

CHECK dmg scaling,

![](media/image2.png)

25 str, 41magic, lvl 22, beginner

![](media/image3.png)

31 str, 37magic, lvl 22, beginner

![](media/image4.png)

37 str, 43 magic, lvl 27,

![](media/image1.png)

43 str, 35 magic, lvl 27 ,

Ship Race: currently impossible

## Graveyard

TODO

## 

# Notes 

  - > Jump neutral is better for homing than ground neutral

  - > No soft reset, ps4 menu PS all the way up, x mash (2-3 minute
    > reload)

  - > Turn cam in locked fights to get faster lockons

  - > Audio cues are more subtle than initially thought, need to focus a
    > lot on sounds

  - > We are not allowed to use friend RCs and attractions in free run
    > sections, it turns the camera randomly, e.g. before opening chests
    > check if you have multiple RC choices

  - > Menus dont cycle, up down hold for stop at first/last

  - > Currently an any% run is impossible due to the ship race in PotC.
