This document will record all the strats used in the Kingdom Hearts 0.2
any% Beginner Blindfolded Speedrun. By Bubzia.

# Table of Contents

**[Abbreviations](#abbreviations) 1**

**[Splits](#splits) 1**

> [DemonTower 1](#demontower-1) 1
> 
> [Aqua1](#aqua1) 2
> 
> [Aqua2](#aqua2) 3
> 
> [Aqua3](#aqua3) 3
> 
> [Darkside1](#darkside1) 4
> 
> [ForestFight](#forestfight) 4
> 
> [Darkside2](#darkside2) 4
> 
> [DemonTower2](#demontower2) 5
> 
> [DemonTide](#demontide) 5

**[Notes](#notes) 6**

# Abbreviations

RC = triangle reaction command

DM = Desperation Move

UR = up quickrun

RR = right quickrun

LR = left quickrun

DR = down quickrun

AUR = up airdash

ARR = right airdash

ALR = left airdash

ADR = down airdash

DJ = doublejump

# Splits

## DemonTower 1

X after loading

Skip x4

TutorialChoice: right x,x

14UR, jump up, up a bit, jump up, up a bit, upjump into hold up get
up(might do jump punch for faster movement), 10URs into skip

Shadows1: lockon kill everything

Skip

10URs into skip

Hold up till grinding, neutral grind till land, then do 5URs into skip
after landing again

Shadows2: lockon kill everything

7URs into skipx3

X,x for tutorial

8URs,2RR,5URs into skip

5times X for tutorials

Gear1: go down a bit, blizz, down onto rail, just neutral till landing,
then 2 URs

Tutorial X,x ,r3, up RC mash save into reset // need to save here for
checkpoint

Reset: 10UR, 5LR, 2UR, jump up, jump up, hold up, 2LR, neutraljump hang
r3 and get up, 2punches/ upleft walk into combo for gear1

Gear2: tutorial x

From reset: mash 2 LRs into DJ up ...

Hold down till after fall, 2LR,DJ up, 3LR, 2UR, LR ,UR, DJ up, hold down
a bit, short jump left, LR,2LR, 2-3 URs(maybe punch) into cutscene, no
need to jump if feel that right

2 more URs into corner, mash RR until 4 rolls, 2UR into combo for gear2

Gear3:

X,x,x for tutorial

4URs,DJ up,up till she gets up the little gap into corner ,7LR, DJ left
into grab get up,2UR into fall/spawn, 3LR a bit left into up into combo
for gear3

Gear4: RR,2UR, neutral DJ into grab, r3, get up, UR hold up into grab,
R3, getup, 5-6URs into corner, downtap, RR,2UR, DJ up x2, 3LR, 2UR into
spawn, DJ up, 12UR into jump left combo for gear 4

X,x for tutorial

UR mash into 3AUR, ARR, 5AUR, 4LR, URs (jump after 6th) into boss

BOSS(DemonTower1): 4 Firagas lockon, then block and counter, get hit and
aerial recovery

Lockon and just kill him with blizzs and combos, use RC whenever pops
up,else just kill him

## Aqua1

Skip x4

11 UR, 3LR, jump up, 2UR, LR up RC //Reset start of world

7UR, RR righttap RC

UR, DJ up x2 with full combo till finisher

//FallDown Recover1: UR, LR, R3, DJ up x2 full combo last one

you just have to land on the platform, then UR to fall down again

DR, lefttaps RCs till spawn x2, jump AUR down again //repeat until you
get good height

2UR, DJ up, righttap punchx2, DJ up onto platform // new savepoint

Jump AUR, jump AUR, 8 (10 overall) AURs onto platform

//if she grabs and up doesnt work, go left into UR , UR mash

RR into fall down

//10 DR for new autosave reset into hold up all the time

//from reset: 7UR, RR, UR mash until 2 AUR, then UR from platform

UR RC wait 9 beats , DJ up to check for bridge, repeat till DJ lands on
bridge // bridge makes sounds, hear for it goes clockwise

Perfect: 7UR, RR, 7UR, LR, UR into sound RC or lefttap uptap RC or UR
into corner and then uplefttaps RCs

Once you are on the bridge: 7UR as much as possible with a RR after DJ,
then try jump AUR jump AUR combo // can also try without RR if perfect 9
beats

If you hit rocks, try DJ AUR full combo

OR jump AUR jump AUR up without combo

Or jump AUR jump AUprightR without combo // also try 1-2 airhits instead
of full combo

ELSE: RR,7UR,RR, 3UR, neutral DJ AupleftR fullcombo \!THIS is perfect
beats

Once you reach the last platform: 2UR, RC

Skip

BOSS(Aqua1): block x2 reclect into lokcon combos

## Aqua2 

4UR, neutral LR, 3UR, neutral LR, 3-4UR into RC mash (corner jump up
into RC mash )

4RR, 1DR, neutral combo RC

2LR, 5UR, 2 neutral hits left combo RC // if lost roomreset then LR, 3UR
left combo

8LR into neutral combo // if lost roomreset into 8UR , 2LR and a bit ,
UR combo

Get lost with upleft , 2URs up RC for Boss

BOSS(Aqua2):same as Aqua1 lockon combo her to death and use lockon
fires, guard ice attack, make sure the fires hit a lockon

## Aqua3

5UR, 4RR RC

5UR RC

5UR RC

5UR RC

Down RC mash for boss

BOSS(Aqua3):

If you land a combo just keep doing hit fire fire hit ,

If super ice spin attack wait for silence then guard mash into reflect,
if she hits you mash aerial recovery into aerial dive for combos, just
combo her all the way then

Basically mash x with lockon until you get combos, fire here and there
but keep MP for heal

Heal if necessary

Skip

## Darkside1

Wait for cutscene,

2UR blizz, up into skip

Up RC mash into skip x2

2UR thunder, 2UR thunder, 3UR // 4UR hold left until grind, keep neutral
till she lands

DJ up into cutscene

UR up into (fall down), LR, UR (dont get hit here), 5-7UR until hit, 2
UR into hit, 2UR(AUR auto, if normal URs then do 3), 4RR into hit, 4
more RR into corner, 2UR into hit,2UR, LR, 4URs into hit, 2UR,2LR into
up till grind , up into skip

BOSS(Darkside1): lockon, jump fire spam, land blizz spam normal attacks
till RCs, spend all your mp here

Then just combo him to death , use magic when mp full again

## ForestFight

7UR(1AUR auto), 2RR into cutscene,

RR after cutscene, UR, DJ up, 3URs into corner, 2LR, DJ up,

6UR mash get hit( if no hit DJ up again), heal, hold up / a bit right
onto rail

Try to dodge while grinding when sounds appear, last jump AUR

2-3 jumps are fast together ,, 5-6 with AUR

//reset: URs till hit, then RRs onto rail,

ForestFight: blizz, thunder, fire, thunder into UR, RCs

Else just kill with lockon etc.

## Darkside2 

reset

Blizz, up, land, hold up(battle music) DJ up UR get hit, DJ up get hit,
URs get hit, 7 URs into corner, LR, UR, DJ up, 2AUR, 4RR (2ARR), 3-4UR
get hit, 2UR, 3RR into corner, 3UR into corner, camera lefttap, DJ up,(
either grab ledge or do jump up), UR, camera lefttap, DJ up land
neutral, LR, hold up a bit till ghosts dissapear, full mp thunders with
finisher, up punch wall, neutral jump into grab r3 get up, DJ up with
max AURs( fight music should stop if correct), reset // new savepoint

UR mash AUR into corner, neutral thunder, neutral 2UR, RR, URs into
neutral thunder,DJ up(buggy) hold up,neutral thunder, 2UR into corner DJ
up, into buggy corner, neutral DJ into up, 4 URs into corner, DJ up(
ghost sounds) hold up into buggy corner, neutral DJ up(music stops), RR,
DJ up x2, thunder, DJ up into skip

BOSS(Darkside2): 12URs( get hit at 7), DJ up, 5URs, DJ up x3, URs into
fight(barrier sounds)

Lockon combos, use fire and blizz, RC etc, if he DMs just stand still ,
or just guard until over, heal if necessary

skip

## DemonTower2

4URs into skip x2

BOSS(DemonTower2):

  - > Start the fight with 3 Firagas, then block and counter.

Lockon and do combos and use your blizz etc if mp is there

Try to aerial recovery as quickly as possible always

Do all RCs, if you get wayfinder just mash x till finisher and do it

Mickey will heal so focus on dmg spells

## DemonTide

Skip

7URs into corner, DJ up, hold up into enemy spawn(camera changes, just
hold up all the time),\~ 17URs and hold up till battle music is gone,
left, down RC mash for chest, r3

7LRs, 6URs, DJ up, 9URs, DJ up, 8RR( one might be bugged, if ARR, then
only do 7), mash 13URs ( 8th+ 9th is AUR), 2RR, 11 URs with a DJ
AURs(1AUR mash, if no AUR, then dont do the 2LRs), 2LR, 15URs RR URs all
the way with a few DJs up on the way till skip,

  - > if too far left on chest do 2RR URs

BOSS(DemonTide):

First Phase: mash R1 for shotlock, aim a bit up, try to do a full one
with timed shots

After shotlock mash lockon fire, blizz, 2fire, blizz, 2fire, blizz till
mp out, then do combos till RCs and use them, else just lockon combos
and use all RCs till 2nd Phase

Second Phase: lockon spam into like 3 combos then backup and guard when
he enrages, deals super dmg, heal here if needed, else just lockon combo
into wayfinder for dmg, you can use 6 dmg spells to keep a heal, but try
to use it up quickly for more dmg refill

Else just lockon combos into wayfinder/spellweaver finishes

If he DMs (no lockon possible), just mash Guard lockon till he is out of
it again

GG WP EZ Clap

# Notes

\-hardreset: shoulderbuttons + start

After reset: just x to continue, x after loading

\-try to use 4 hit combos without finisher into roll repeat for default
fights

Triangle: blizz

Circle: fire

Square: thunder

X: heal

\-CLEAR normalized position after gear cutscene? I think yes

\-the Rolls and DJs sometimes do not come out -\> can mess up LR and RRs

\-game autosaves after each cutscene and stuff, holy shit EZ Clap

\-Thunder makes AOE with hitsounds

\-Heal sometimes in movement sections after fights

\- for shotlocks: attack r3 shotlock up a bit

Shoutouts to SwiftShadow
([<span class="underline">https://www.twitch.tv/swiftshadow</span>](https://www.twitch.tv/swiftshadow))
for providing his any% Speedrun notes that helped me learn a lot and the
Blindfolded Brotherhood for keeping my motivation up as always :3
