TODO

Check glitches vs. glitchless

Check strength vs twinblades

Route estus shards, bone fragments (as many as possible?)

First check bossfights that are mandatory

Check boss skips (watchers, cinder skip)

Probably rather glitchless with maybe quitout jumps+ item dupes

So probably no big skips

Beginning: dupe soul for super high level and all items one needs
(safety)[<span class="underline">Item Dupe -
SpeedSouls</span>](https://wiki.speedsouls.com/darksouls3:Item_Dupe) ,
after vordt with 2k soul ; then after watchers get lvl 90 with 20k soul

\=\> best version 1.12 Reg 1.31

Spook = 20s duration

Check yuria questline for cinder summon (even if it takes some time it
might be worth if cinder is too difficult

Test cinder with heaviest armor =\> dmg race phase1 with ToD into
refresh p2 start

Check how and which bonfires to take

Assassin strong =\> check stats of other classes for maybe better start
stats (spook is good but needed?)

Tree skip not 100% necessary, needs 20k souls for key to buy, then free
(maybe after abyss for estus shard or 10x cloning of vordt, if tree skip
possible with setup try learning that.

skip everything until exiled curved greatsword with strength / greatclub
testing, esp deacons aoe club? playthrough with both , get farron coal
and buy exiled armor? , needs high vit stats for fat roll, =\> check how
much vit needed for final build in terms of weapon/armor

We should be able to farm around 50 lvls after abyss relatively fast,
then each level costs more than 20k

\=\> 30 in strength, 4 in dex, some in vit, some in endurance , some in
vigor? (maybe lots in vigor for tank build and stamina less?)

Get fast to abyss watcher for 20k boss soul

Then do rest of character setup/leveling etc. ; soft caps at 40 for each
, 44 on vigor

\!\!\!\! TODO check for all NPC summons for easier bossfights, e.g.
[<span class="underline">Sirris of the Sunless Realms | Dark Souls 3
Wiki
(fextralife.com)</span>](https://darksouls3.wiki.fextralife.com/Sirris+of+the+Sunless+Realms)
, maybe even cinder etc. then shield would maybe not be 100% needed

Test twinblades vs great club vs exile all with 40 str/dex and see
difference in bossfights past abyss watchers

Abyss watcher backup: learn fight and summon npcs

Firelink:

  - > Choose fire gem in beginning for sword + fire + resin for easier
    > vordt fight

  - > After first boss level dex to 16, strength +1? =\> probably lose
    > soul because of dark sign

Highwall:

  - > Get throwing dagger on way

After Vordt:

Dupe vordt soul

  - > until 20k for tower key / gives fire keeper soul and estus ring;
    > basically useless

> besides ring, tree skip would be much faster if within a few tries
> 
> \=\> also silver ring is useless,we get all souls from duping boss
> souls; it would only be for the estus shard = worth?
> 
> Maybe for last hard bosses if we need to tank a lot of dmg and heal
> like crazy

  - > For some level ups TODO how many?

  - > For items?

Lost Settlement:

  - > Free miracle girl, get titanite shards from bottom x2

  - > \=\> girl provides gradual heal with 15 faith =\> if we have
    > another magic slot =\> tears of denial for 1 hp bossfight safety?
    > =\> might be needed

Farron Keep:

  - 
  - > Bone shard in swamp

  - > Ashes in swamp tower

Watcher Skip:

R3 on door

UR wait for camera pan, shield buffer neutral, W tap on keyboard (TODO
timing?), then 2 full charges one handed into s+q, restart into kill
watchers with lockon, maybe phase two without lockon so you can find
bonfire faster

Leveling:

Exile: 40 str, 27 vig, rest max vit to 40 =\> allows 56 weight =\> would
allow for exile armor

TODO check armor sets under 56 weight and obtainable

\=\> would also mean longer level grind but maybe we could prioritize
vit over vig  
\=\> 30 vit is enough for exile + assassin head (pretty good)

\=\> 37 for full exile armor

\=\> 40 for full exile + defense

\=\> 18 attunement for 3 slots ToD + replenish quitout combo = with
spook with ring, but probably not necessary

\=\> 15 faith for ToD + replenish

\=\> 40 dex (37 with ring)

\=\> 27 vig

TODO check shopkeeper ashes =\> resin

\=\> farron ashes : blossoms, life ring, titanite

\=\> catacombs ashes: titanite and bleeding resin

\=\> boreal: large titaine

\=\> dungeon ashes : lightning resin (not needed if we clone lightning
or buy other)

\=\> white tree undead settlement: fire resin / and bone shard on the
way

TODO Need to do a clear item pickup route to not mess up menus, or learn
how to clean out inventory

Deacons alluring skull : 6 after catacomb ashes + 2 from undead
settlement beginning (maybe)

Deacons: easy with summons: weapon durability? Check repair powder
maybe, reapplyable resin would be good

Check boss cheeses: Abyss watchers- bring in a dark wraith and let him
take on the boss or lure the two dark wraiths to the fog gate and then
get the watcher to Agro onto them. After he is agrod onto the dark
wraiths stand on the far side of the boss room opposite of the fog gate.
The dark wraiths will kill them. Or use the astora greatswords weapon
art to stun lock him to death.

Aldrich- use vow of silence each time she comes out from the ground, s

1.  > Wolnir- use the pestilent mercury on his right hand which will not
    > Agro his AI and will kill him eventually.

AfterCinderImpressions:

FallenKnightArmor is enough =\> less vit more end + vig, get hunters
ring before lothric/after for 5 dex, plus 8 dex from rings, estus ring
from tower key

carthus rouge is best with dual wield

shield (14str) + one hand would need different weapon (maybe black
blade, or full str build) + buyable resin

need to check double summons for aggro management =\> most important

definitely need to get as much estus upgrades as possible, especially
bone shards

\=\> do everything needed for cinder, no timeloss considered

maybe get higher level of twinswords (all titanite chunks in grand) plus
bought slap

ToD plus replenish are a must, unlock patches at end for buyable red
pellets

at end do full soul boss dupe for some last vig/end levels, only leave
lothric or something (maybe before use up all)

only hard bosses: aldrich, armor, cinder

\=\> full estus makes it much much easier (potentially even solo). Bone
shards mostly on the way, shards not so much (but tower for ring + shard
is good I think),

Dungeon shard too far ?

Round2:

Need souls after Gundir for weapon infusion, shortblade and dagger =\>
sell items?

Get throwing knives from elevator for vordt safety

After Vordt: find exit without homeward, keep souls = 4 level

Do 5x dark sigil quest =\> get sigil, then after second death revisit
for double farm speed, repeat for 6 then ,12,15

Bonfire to Gundyr

Rolls:12 rolls U, 1 roll UL, mash A for flask into 16 U, 2UL, 5L into D
for bonfire ( D U for recovery)

Run: 26, UL A mash for flask, UL roll into U hold 30 till arrow, then 16
from arrow (or when second arrow strikes into 2UL, 5L, D for bonfire

4 light after taking sword + 1 heavy

(2 into dodge), 8 light into transform -\> 2 strong into 3rd combo into
4th stagger -\> stamina -\> 2 light

Bait jump attacks into audio cue parry into U into light punish, 2 light
after

Lockon into D for bait jump attack (parry at 2) U into punish

4step attack: 4.5 parry into punish

On explosion, D run away into fire bomb mash

2 parry + 2 heavy = explode

Fast 1,2 step = 3 parry

Faster 123 step = 4 parry

Speedrun strat: 13 R1, 2 charged R2, then charged R2intoR2, 2R1 for kill

Strat Idea:

5R1, D hold into 2 bombs, bait jump into parry, after parry mash â…˜
(stamina only allows 3) R1, run away and throw last 3 bombs kill

Could 1 bomb, parry 1 bomb parry
